how to be young and beautiful - keep connection with God, and imagine a ray of light from him rejuvinating you
imagine yourself being a being of light, also
rejuvinate.


do not think of a time as it it exsts. think of it this way.
tommorow I will do it, and thats it.

najveci ideal ratnika je mir.

no more war. peace to all people.

you cannot eat money. you cannot drink oil. you can hardly breathe.
you cannot eat money. you cannot drink oil. you cannot breathe.

earth is crying for help.


onaj koji se brani .... a onaj koji se ne brtani nema razloga.
humble work
int this short time I ve spenet on earth
plan for be nice to other. lovbe other like a brother or sister.


how would people now what they need. like in shop
so there is the proof anythign should happen has heppend, ther si redestined thing. along with free will.


kao magla, osjecaji kroz vrijeme

vrijeme je kao layeri folije,,,

freq finder, then talk with them
find freq of their thoughts = read mind, predajnik,?
force predajnik.
jacked in in life
sokocalo
dnevnik
how to stay young.
shareaza select torrent, priority in shar.
how to stay young.

guys want to fix things. girls want to share (feelings)
when she has problems, she wants you to hear her out.
she does not want you to fix problems. just say thats
swful or something, dont say, well maybe you should do this
or that.

girls feal hurt when you dont share (your feelings) with
them cause they think you don't love them enough (to do so).

civilasation that has no unconditional love for their children is to fail.

what happened with love?


we hope that the civilisation that comes after us will take better care of this planet than ww did.

practice before sleep:
face muscles, ass muscles, head massage, eye movement, prayer, shild, ray of light of goodnes
from God. hair growth.

wikipedia class. - yellow pages?

the way you treat your enemies is the way you'll treat your friends. (so they think.)

meat.




linux apps in one dir

mac way?
gobolinux way?




math solving
how to act in company
be nice others
dont swear infront of customers
dont lie
do private business in private time, if there is emergency ask your of your
 bosses approval
if you make a mistake, tell someone. your colleague, or your boss. dont let
 the mistake attack you. if you tell someone, it might be fixed in time.
dont attack others if you are not 100% sure it's their mistake
dont hold grudges
if someone is mistaken tell them without contempt.
if you are not sure of something say " i think it might be"
if you do not know something say i presume, or be quit. Don't talk of things you
are not absolutelu certain. (bussiness; not world's happening, jokes, etc)

time machine, sleeping gun. electricity from lightning , tv remote finder.

the point is to learn something (from your losses)
nothing is important.
material things are just that. things mate of matter. of atoms. tehy are irrelevant.

people keep diving among themeselves and then fight among themselveres.
they can even agree on religino. christainism juedeism or mulimism. orthodox or catolic?
if jesus was sent to earth help us, I am nute sure this is waht he would'cve wanted.
Imagine if all people treated each other as brothers and sister.

no money no greed. every has enough. and more if works for it.
limit on max payment. other to charity. not each charity. the most charitys the better.

hack game. discneected/exit program when lost. if really lsot turn of comp, eject cd, 
disable mouse for 10 sec, turn on screen saver.


virtual stock market exchange online game.


cardak ni na nebu ni na zemlji.
magic clock vs magic card.


pokretna predstava.


svce je zapisano.svaki nas pokret, svaki korak.
tv promotes greed, and also stupidity.

why is there so much violence, raceism, and bullying in almost every American Movie?
Few excepts are Dances with wolves.

try not to be too much angry on yourslef (when you make mistakes)
we learn through unintensional mistakes.

when you two fight she is scared .she loves both her mommya and daddy and cannot choose between them. she feels scared and lost.
She feels like she has to choose between them, and sahe cannot do that. You are hutring her 
when you are yelling at each other. It makes her want to puke.


It is not easy being  a girl. 
Sometimes you just need friends. And then some friend wants more, but you have to say sometimes no, and then friendship
can be belost and ususally is. 

men think they have to hit on everything that looks good.

zuivot ekonomski samoodrzivim zajednicama od 200 ljudi