women ant to hear 3 little words: i love you.

girls consider a failure if noon asks them on a date, or for a dance.
even if the person asking them for date/dance is the wrong one.

they might consider themselves a failure, and ask what is wrong with me?
why wont anyone ask me out?
Which is a mistake, :) , cause they are mostly very beautiful, maybe shy,
maybe smart, (which some boys/guys find a bit scary). :)

the point is, they want to be asked out. sometimes. once at least by a guy.
and offcourse, by the RIGHT guy. :) . They hope the guy will figure it out.
That guy might not be you, though. If you are, she will let you know. She will give you
a sign or signs :) .

Unfortunatelly, if you think she does not like you, she probably does not.
But there are other girls, so do not despair :)


12:10 PM 4/12/2011

maybe she likes the sound of my voice
(when asked to say something, as to answer why)

10:16 AM 3/30/2011
I like girls. they are so strange ... and beautiful
and amazing :)

"They are (all) a mistery to me. I find them amazing."

5:29 PM 3/28/2011

when you kiss a girl, they like to sometimes reach and kiss you to.

they like showing their emotions, esp telling/showing you how much they like you and love you.
also they like telling you how much they love you


so they probably like it when yopur pull them over for a kiss, / whne you are kissing them (put ypour hands on the back of her head, and pull them towards you)
also hold/hug them tight, when tyou do, and befeore, during the kissing them.
they like that, I think. it shows them you like them, accept them.

sometimes they are full of doubt about evertyhing, love, the way they look,
 unsecure.
show them you like /lovethem.

and tell them how much you love them, and when you show them through however small gesture you show them (how much) you love them

---


ask her how her day was
is she tired
would she like a back massage
woud she like to rest
how is her boss treating her
what are her colleagues like, how are they treating her

make her a dinner
take her out on a dinner.
take her to cakes.
take her to movies.
show some effort. something that requires a little work on your part.
show some initiative.
initiate in sex. 
show some initiative, before and during sex.
hold her/talk to her after sex.
help her with household works.


complement her on her looks. (but with something other than you look good. complement her hair ir eyes
or the way dress LOOKS on her. not just the dress)
tell her you love her. but you have to mean it.
bring her flowers for no apparent reason.
hold her. tight.
hug her.
kiss her.
tell her you love her. again. often.


bring her small presents? fluffy teddy bears?

selflessness
proud but humble
not arrogant
open heart
way of the open palm
"He makes me laugh."
strength
walk proud, talk loud and clear
speak your mind.


sometimes, they just NEED a little tenderness.

"be tender to me baby,
I'm so afraid you'll go away
be tender to me baby,
always."