no smoking, alcohol
no meat if possible, or at least red meat. beware of animal fat.
fish: yes
low milk, but beware calcium deficiency?
not too spicy, fat.
not too hot. not too cold
no coffy. because of coffeine.


draw rejuvination energy from: the sun. the nature
wahs often face, and body if possible with water.
say this: water, heal, refresh, rejuvinate my body.
water is liquid, easy changeable to heal. :)

say to yourself: my body is in perfect condition

DO NOT worry/get annoyed. if you compare body to a car. :(, 
worrying is like keying your car.
Say my body is perfect ,as it was created by the creator, to be perfect and magnificant.

imagine going through life without stress.
without having to worry about anything.
It is possible. try and you ll see. the change will come.

say my body is 19 years old.

start a day with a hppy thought, like babies smiling, or your loved one smiling at you
or with LOVE thoughts. :) Love...
and end a day with nice, and happy thought(s).
And go through a day  with nice, and happy thought(s). :) Think about them often.


Dont take no shit from nobody.
Learn to be polite.
People might not know they are annoying, or they have their reasons.

Do not worry about material things (car, PC, House.)
Material things will desintegrate in time.
Do not worry about money.
Have the basic needs fullfiled, everything else is optional.

Move from your parrents. Even just a try. If it fails, you can go back to them.
you will learn something, and experience freedom. 
Do not worry if it fails.
College is a good opportunity.

Do not allow them to be the cause of your concern. Do not let yourself wworry about them
Instead go to sleep, and wake up in the morning with the solution.

IF you fail at something, or make a mistake, learn from it and move on.

When has worry ever helped.
Worrying has never changed anything
When has worry ever helped.
Worrying has ever changed anything


Do not worry about other people. (Adults) It is their life, if they do not want your help, that is their choice.
Sometimes people have to hit the wall to learn.
This is especially true about kids/teenagers.
They think they are smarter than you. Time usually proves them wrong. Usually :)



walk proud.
talk clear and loud enough.
If you want/have to say something, do it. Do not let it cook inside of you,
till it explodes.
He / she can take it. The truth.

If you disagree, make it known. But in a polite way, if possible.
Voice your concerns if you have any.

say your problems outloud, or to someone, or wrie them down. It helps. you will see.
Breathe deeply from time to time, to exchange all of the air in your lungs.?


do some gymnastics or yoga if possible.
dont sit for too long.
change eye focus every so 15-30 minutes.
go see dentist often. brush. floss.
chack your blood every 6months- 1 year.

if choosing bbetween peopel and computers/movies at home, choose people.

if choosing between money and something else, choose something else.
Life does not have to be perfect. Or love.

Do not wait your whole life to do something, do it now.
learn. read. constantly. wikipedia.

dont watch tv esp. commercials. dont read news (papers)
you will get anoyed for nothing. Most politicians only care about money and power,
although they make it liek they only care about your well-being.

hang with people. dont be alone. if you are, use facebook. enroll to some college/school/enthusiast group/hobby.

dont get stressed.
say to yourself i will worry about this tommorow. or never. :)
stress creates toxins

eliminate toxins through sweating or washing.
http://www.treating-cancer-alternatively.com/toxins.html

dont hang out with people that make you feel bad about yourself, or unappreciated.
dont do drugs. it is a black hole.

aoid violence on tv, cartoons, images.
 video games if possible.


dont worry. sit back and relax instead :). Put your feet up :)
listen to your favourite music. about love ? :)

read. create.

exercize, or at least take a walk outside, two times a week. at least

find your other (better) half. or get a cat or a dog.
having a pet reduces stress, and is good for your heart.find your other (better) half. or get a cat or a dog.

focus on (doing) one thing at a time

dont be afraid. face your fears. only thing to be afraid of is the fear itself.

perepare in advance. think in advance. try to visualise a future (solutions)
try to visualise a solutions of a problem, if there is any. the solution you want.
ior it wil be someone else s solution.

if matter is energy slowed down, then energy(vibration) can hurt us or heal us.
watch your crowd, the people you hang out.
what ckind of music you listen, movies you watch, comics, and vido games your play.
try to avoid though with violence.
try to avoid people with negative energy.
avoid violent negative? music.

hang with people with positive energy. how will you know?
listen to you heart. usually people that make you feel good, or make you laugh.
also music that makes you feel good, happy.


When something stresses us, our body turns from a natural state of alkaline pH to acidic. 
read one text at a time, not 10, jumping around.

think about what you are doing now. dont live in a present or a future. but thnk about the future. from time to time freely.?

allow blood to circulate freely through your body, taking toxins away to the lver where they will be destoryed/processed.



air fresheners can be toxic.
natural shampoo, toothpaste, soap, deodorant. + coco oil or some other natural plant for thescent.
if you cant eat it dont put it on your skin.

kundalini?

eat and sleep regulary. dont stay up till late, dont over eat/eat too little.
eat little but often.

laugh to relieve stress. love.
draw energy from food.
purify food and water with your thoughs before consuming.

reverse stress (consequences to your body)

You become what you think about.
love? :)


try be happy and not to worry, like children sometimes do :)
do not take life seriously. 