
whisper to her ear sweet sexy thing(s)

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vagina
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cervix



music, candles, lamp, baby/massage oil + 2 towels.
dont use oil on condom though, wash your hands.

if you are not curcimsized, pulls skin back before putting a condom.
you can ask her for help if you want. :)

you can wet the penis before putting the condom.
leave a little free space on the top of condom when putting it on.


8:50 PM 4/16/2011
make the warm up, foreplay last long, few hours.
tell her what would you like to do to her. tell her a story.
kiss her all over. ALL OVER her body. sholders, back, arms,stomach, breasts.
thies (very sensitive, inner thies), kiss and nibble her ears.
dont stay too long at the 3 buttons, just brush over them. 
play. have fun.

make her burning with desire, wet. 
if she is on her stomach you can massage her but and move her vagina/vulva lips.
of she is wet you will hear smooch sound. dont stop. :)


5:01 PM 3/5/2011

warm her up, make her wet.:
talk to her, . tell her a sexy story, with her as the main actress. If you are good at it.
also works over phone.

kiss her all over,

touch her palms, circle with your fingers (ps. I know you remember this : )
GENTLY touch inside of her thighs

 use tongue, then when she is wet fingers, and go easy
she ll tell you when to enter her with penis

slow but deep.
then faster and stronger, but remember to go deep.



firs push slower, then faster and stornger. keepr a rhytm. breathe regulary, try keeping an eye contact. watch her body react/body language.
complement her on her look. boody, booty, breast, hair, eyes.

trim hair
wash foreskin too.


if you do not tell her you love her, she will think you are with her just because of sex.
And she will leave you ...

9:54 PM 3/4/2011



just because the girl is having sex, and enjoying it, doesn't mean she is in love.

Nas dve smo zadovoljavale ... koji je uživao i taj svoj osecaj otvoreno pokazivao.


onog za mnoge žene 
posebno važnog milovanja i dodirivanja telom nakon seksa.

Sarno što smo ušli u sobu, bacili smo stvari i pali na veliki francuski ležaj. Zamolila sam ga da se
istuširamo i to smo ucinili. Ja sam prva otišla u kupatilo, a posle nekoliko minuta došao je i
. Ljubili smo se
dugo pod mlazom tople vode posle cega smo se spojili. Videla sam koliko je bio iskusan po tome što mi nije
dozvoljavao da dodem do vrhunca, govoreci da ce mi kasnije biti još lepše. I bilo je tako. Prešli smo u krevet


menjali smo poze, voleli se na krevetu, na podu, pored prozora.

 Prijalo mi je da 
slušam njegove reci kako sam divno ' gradena, kako imam najlepšu guzu na svetu, da su mi grudi
carobne.

licem,  ledJima i videlo se da mu nije svejedno: osetila sam dozu ljubomore što, na kraju krajeva, svakoj 
ženi godi. Samo ako nije preterano i opterecujuce.






1:44 PM 3/4/2011
when the thrill is gone, the sex is gone too.
sex is gone when the thrill is gone.