ask a friend to attend your presentation/exam at a fixed date (if you are not learning something for school, but for yourself)*
1 hr learn, 1 hr relax.
if tight schedule, lower relax.
disable network adapter. while studying

leave movies for after 20/

lectures:
+ + + + + = one grade higher.
keep them thinking, guessing at class
leave anonymous comments. (insults, bad language, will be removed)
teach them the basics first. until they learn. dont go too deep/wide until they know basics.
one example - one object/item to learn.
encourage them to ask questions. esp. if they do not understand something. maybe someone else would like to hear the answer
encourage group work?
leave time for consult.
simplest possible examples.
book on wiki?


videos to watch at home, come at school to learn/ask teacher?

what if all of schooling is thought of as a game?
instead of traumatizing, marks-hunting experience?
no punishment.?
school with no fear.

no deadline for finishing the term.

show them interactive library (they can reply, their reply is evaulated /without marks/, 
where there can interact with teachers/holograms?/historic persons).
let them choose what to learn. tell them what the exam will be about. :)
they will probably over exceed expectations :)


space library?

python: make the simplest possible lang.
tutorial: just the most important/often used examples. other mention, if any.
+click here to see less important functions tutorial.



How to "judge"/know another man?
By the amount of love in him, and the amount of love he or she gives out.

By their fruits you shall know them.
Matthew 7:16, Bible


But you should use unconditional love instead, if possible.

1 JUDGE not, that you may not be judged, 2 For with what judgment you judge, you shall be judged: and with what measure you mete, it shall be measured to you again.
Matthew 7:1, Bible

let love shine, and guide you.

no ego. dont get offended. dont feel hurt (your emotions).
??? add








da bi ostao, moras imati opciju da odes. otvorenu.
you have to be able to make a full circle.

howto telepathy. youtube


they/we like the attention, feel sad/angry/jealous without it

yt db
8

lower fuel consumption

Metaphysics: imagine sun energy, yellow light coming from the sky, going through the 
open angle like part, and entering your car engine, like a light from a car light
adding its energy, so the car uses less fuel :)



0 drama series on tv about other peoples lives
1 movies - if sf then ok, but not much creativity. some inspioration. and also what would hppen further
2 music more creativity
3 books even more. creating worlds in your head
4 creating - yes - art, programming, writing, planitng a tree, create a baby together with opposite sex, podici bebu.

*harmny in harmony out
remove distractions. put them in a bag, and put that bag away.
facebook, mail? program?



dont chase them. let them chase you
they can smell it when you search love.

-how can an energy grow old. how can an idea get old? it cant.
we are energy at quantum levels.
imagien your body is an energy
-moistureize face every 30 hour. exercize face muscles, neck mustles.
-return your body to the time of your youth. 18. highs school. jsut the body, not the spirit.
imaginey our body /you are in hghscool. new , newspapers...
-one day younger at a time.

learn. create new connections in a brain.
do not worry.
energy flow. exercize=yes energy flow. worry/stress = no. 
so, don't worry.

+ light(knowledge , information) and energy from the Sun.
+
all body workout?
bottle upper, walk for lover

good/luckily I didnt worry about that. :)

rejuvienate body over night.

sun car drive.  energy from sun. visualize.
if you can dream it, it will happen. :)
it will be. :)

Ejaculation should not follow this exercise as the purpose is to store the sexual energy created

schooling: ask students to learn something by themselves?
give them books.

free books? wiki/pdf?

choose best teachers
pay them a 6 months salary to write a book/student material, for students to teach,
essentially write down what they do, as a book. form of essays.
add questions to the end of the book.

for one grade, one book.
put books in public domain. wiki version. pdf version.
send cd.
cheap tablet for all years.


regrow boy part by stimulating cells to grow.? research.
stem cells.? from mblood

how to have a baby:
try not to :)
p swayse movie. miss.
copy movies: kiss/bttf
fox

how to condom. skin back, tr spit on it i f you wnt

how to raise a child: anastasia
studying: imit exposure to internet/fbook, mail.


taht's why you can read peple s thoughts. we are all one.
"my thoughts to you , your thoughts to me. we are one"
telekinseis? like moving your (own) hand?

wash your pe

find a solution yourself

"My body is new, and in a perfect condition."
1.st repsones laugh

how to body build easily. use 2 bottles with 2.5 litres of wather.
lift abouve your head and down 1/2 hour? after every meal. 


if we percieve tspace wrong with our 5 senses, perheps our percievement of time is alsio wrong


they want to please their husband, to make him happy.
to make him proud of her.
the way a child wants to please a parent.

rejuvenate body. over neeght. felle. good. muscli oface exercize.
how to tap w/ water.
scale of imaprtance howto, which first?
also 3? no? ,amaybe.


driving. dont hurry. remember the re is time. roundoubout, 
wait when swtching to left line. bl spot.

how to hcangereality.
see! your derams come through. start with small things, likw eill to tdo something. weite.
ask object to move? connected.

howto telepathy, + images
see the future. start with 5 sec.

how to talk to animals.

Why are women harder to scam.
Cuase they believe their instincts which is good. Men trust their reason. more "boss pressure"

link to ageles mind timeless body

*
tap on skin to untagle accumulated knot of negative enregy


It would be easier to understan if it as done this way:

act I
4 guys buildstuff. two leave. 2 create something, that afer testing proves to be a time machine

act II
they use it to get to the future, make some money (1st line, then loop a. they end up in line 2)
for brief time, they could meet themselves from line 1

       <-------------
      |             ^ 
      |            b|  
      |             |      
      |  <-         |
      | |a^         |
1.    | | |         |
--->------>         |
      | |           |
      | v    2.     |
      |  ---------->
      |                    3.
      v------------------------->


act III
they hear one of the girls is killed by her ex.
they go back in time, (line 2, then loop b. they end up in line 3).
They stop murder from happening

for brief time, they exist in  timeline. 1,2,3



act IV.
Somehow they duplicate themselves and decide to build larger time machine/room. 
(perhaps by leaving machines while they are working?) 
but since it is dangerous, it could only be done once? and it only works on humans? OR
One of the guys goes of to build larger time machine/room, and the other ones stays to keep the families.



Scenes to cut out? bacteria. adding more mercury. father.fridge copper. I would punch him in the face.
things to add: more characterisation. why would we like the chars we dont even know.
What is their job. They run around in white shirts all day? Office scenes?


Finish filimng course
finish scriptwrite course
finsih acting course. not really needed that much. :)



Unless they are afraid they will lose something, they think they need, and can't live without.



our body is programmable

get some enregy from te universe first.
Imagine white light coming down to you.
Imagine light and love going out to them 

you better than others in room. presentation. other than teacher.

stop smoking. hwto
symylar aparalel

increase work perfection:
listen to classical music while doing it. like delibe: lakme.
docn check mail/fbook every 5 min

natural deod.
execize flashk bottle. everyfivemin ey protect?
daily: oxydize

*no alc, no candy/sugar. sugar creates addiction.

then you llok that up. then you look that up... and more...
keep reading , and learning new stuff. thaats how you develpop your brain.
new connection fire up between neurons .

*no alc, no candy/sugar. sugar creates addiction.
tea: bursh teeth with water/
how to solve problems: remove the cause


then you llok that up. then you look that up... and more...
keep reading , and learning new stuff. thaats how you develpop your brain.
new connection fire up between neurons .

to see more clearly remove emotions?. fear most importantly./first
relax. no fear

to write down ideas.

go to bd when the night falls.

how to lose weight. gain weight. fix for crohn's: eat late.
how to organise: do I have to do it know.

How to orgasm: play with your body. know your body. (first)
If you can't drive (your car), how can you explain to someone else?
Your body is beautiful. Sex is a wonderful PROCESS.


algernon? add story?

how to change whatewe se. to see thing moving much faster. diffrnt freq. rays. ir uv,...
LIGHT, we owuld seee cracks in relity as light?


why should you stop watching tv.
how to wake up?

how to develop imagination/workout brain:
read books. write. 
Love.


how to evolve.
dont lie
help others

cops friends. imagine, so not worry/heart stress :)

how to increase inteligence. read? and ? anything more?

stop watching tv
learn. stop wasting time surfing. too much.
1 hour creative work, then surf.
learn
search anything you dont know on the internet. knowlege 
next step to the 
is just one google search away
educate yourself
new ideas wil keep popping in your head. connectidng the dots, fitring up enurons..

skinny in cosmo, so you can hardly find a woman pleased with your body.
Men don't read cosmo, or talk to their buddies about everything.
They all dont care /think their bodies are perfect :)
LOVE your body.


benjamin franklin advices

create

*************
no chemicals
no meat
no ego
no ads
no violence
no stuupid tv show, stupuifireng ppl
no negative media
no alc\
no negtv ppl, discntrn
no negtv thoughts
no stress

rince brush tth, aftr fruit /tea


pstart programming? find nice tutorial. how to start programming.
friendliest tool?
wag the dogm add
add links to melodies.

The ruling class: you don't have the power
the power has you
The greed has you.

its just a story.
notes.

algernon story?

how to time travel: I tell you yesterday.
Tell me yesterday.
****
synchronous energy exchange (synergetic.)
sensual p
and then you'll be able to carry the frequency inside of you.

girls. tehy want to get married
thhg

1 hour body
1 hour mind
1 hour soul

limunusprotiv kamencas

tea: brush teeth with water/
how to solve problems: remove the cause/source

***
Still no idea? Ask God. Which might be yourself in the next. or part of yourself of god . ?
For a reason there is. God (only) knows.

imagine solution. your solution.

keep it fun!
also school. work too.

https://skydrive.live.com/?cid=D3221CFE195F835B&id=D3221CFE195F835B%21448

how to overcome your fears:
face them
firt in your head stress simulator, (visualisation of success, )
then in the rea llife.
or you can deelfect fear. if you are ie afraid of doors, imagine them in varous colors, moving around.


how to inc body freq:
use classical music. or body is made of mostly water.
recomendations:
Claude Debussy: Moonlight, Reverie
Edvard Grieg: Amanhecer
Frederic Chopin: Minute Waltz
Johann Pachelbel: Canon in D Major
Franz Schubert: Ave Maria
Johann Sebastian Bach: Ave Maria, (there is also version by Beyonce), Air on the G string
Ludwig van Beethoven: Moonlight Sonata, Minuet in G
Maurice Ravel: Bolero
George Frideric Handel: The Arrival of the Queen of Sheba
Tomaso Giovanni Albinoni: Adagio
TCHAIKOVSKY - "Swan Lake" Theme
Léo Delibes: The Flower Duet (Lakmé)
Johann Strauss - Waltz Blue Danube


how to get rid of drugs, and ghosts
listen music to purify your body


things I really dont like about m partner.,

organize time based on time, not on task. stop now, not I have few more thingsto check. cause it easier to stop now, based on time.


feet, armpit: skrob + baking soda. mix. add coco oil if wish. beware of oil marks.

use orgonite.

<a href="http://friendly-ghosts.com/hhg.html">http://friendly-ghosts.com/hhg.html</a>
<a href="http://friendly-ghosts.com/orgonite_testamonials.html">http://friendly-ghosts.com/orgonite_testamonials.html</a>


how to do something you dont know how to?
Imagine how it should be done, imagine (your own) solution.
Do it :)


**ont he job:
ask something if f you dont know.
tell someone if you make a mistake, so it can be corrected. people make mistakes sometimes. learn from it and move on.
dont lie.

mirooro othrr s us
wash which hands, when two

you are already better than 50% others, just by showing.
learn to learn fast, from 1st try/show. also on classes
cant get enough of job/think as games. cant get enough

first response laugh.
then "I want to feel good."
repair damage if any of stress.

add rejuvinate

learning in time units, not leasosn
to want it as much as you want to play ames or fbook.
khan academy. why do poeple liek it so much?
no pressure. at yourr own pace, at your own time.
IT IS OK NOT TO KNOW SOMWTHING. you can look it back in the previous lesson, then continue with current :)
no shame because of ignorance?
satisfaction with oneself when "overcome an obstacle", figoure something out.



:)

***school

beautiful girls can get insecure too :)
If you are beautifull, just remember theat there is more than just good lokk, that makes a person.
beauty will probalby fade int time. what is inside stays. so build up your inner knowledge and wisdom
wisdom = knowldge + experience. :)

sex as a celebration. of joy? of love?
**
tinfoil cooking


prison a place where they are exposed to beaytu. instead of more crime.


woman godesses rule
**men not in control of woman, but companion.
rule of intuition, 
not of sword.

he;p  wiwves, mothers, daugthers, sousins

if you do not want to have time, and say, there is no time, you will not have time.
if you want to have time, you will have time






have succesfull company.
make people work there happy!
every day going to work happy
psychiatrist on stand by
free food
1/2 hour relax/eat

joy like playing games/go to work
truth hour.
agile and scrum. check it.

give them problem, ask them how they! can solve them.
not an order, but a conandrum :) engineers like solving problems. see startrek scene in enginge room.
they own assement of time needed, organisation. responsible to themselves.
team: accountable, creative, make own decisions, but can ask more experienced for advice (not necessarilly boss),
wikiinfo/fbook like group./forum

relationship
truth hour.
MAKE IT FUN!


telepathy tower babel.

**relationships dont last forever.
Mark Gungor ? on relationships


**whne you squeeze /hold her tight.
move your hands while kissing her.
squeeze her butt. she ll probably moan or inhale deeply :)

no matter how pretty she is, how rich she is, how much make up she has, or how bigh er boobs are
or how great she looks, her body looks,
, they want to . love. to be in love.

they need love, more than they need the air they breathe.
they need to be in love, to love and to be loved.

to be loved. to feel needed. appreciated. most important person in the woprld
like you would do anything for her.
she needs you to hear that you would stay with her till death do you part, even if if you dont hink that.
even if it is not true.

she beeds you to hold her an tell her eveerything is gonna be ok.
to tell her its ok. its gonna be ok.
she needs you to tell her it's ok

men are blinded by boobs/sex
like a deer in a light of speeding car.

tears cleanse the soul.


pray
ask your friends and family to pray for you. but only if they want to. willinglly . with heart.

sometimes you have to leave, to go back.
sometimes you have to leave, to be able to go back.
and not leav.


*************test officem mmairge

I am a one/first of many.


how to heal the world:
put some love in it :)
open source love approach.
let everybody pick it up, and do it.
like a tidal wave of love.
no spot is missed :)


get your body rid of:
tv commercials
greed
sugar
violence
chamicals in food, cleaning detergents/shampoo.



fill your body with
love.


create more than you consume.

love everyone.
Visualise aworld whenre people love eachother.
Where is no greed, or envy
Just love
and light everywere.
and laughter :)

like the ending of the movie the last mimzy

open source love application by everyone.
love is a bridge
love is a bridge through time
*****





repair body after stress with laughter
and love
random video reassemble

girls will want you if you seem unobtainable.
people want what they dont/cant have

3rd dimension .delay
ask and you shall be given by you?/=God?
tele/pathy/kinsesses


if all are . indigo children
imagine such a future.

all friends have nice cars, what thye want, high education/
good jobs
good looking.
ni fear to do what they want to

change reality

1 you steal  from yourself if you do

how to heal self:
see Conan face of sugestion, a mere touch on his mind...
fox ressit, overtherow ilness.
love yourself
pray?
ask other to pray for you?


gather 30 ppl to pray for healing ppl?
imagine whole world to heal planet, ppl! ?
*****


why des god require us to worship him?
**they want to be caugt.

Beta- "normal" waking consciousness
Alpha - light meditation
Theta - deep meditation
Delta - the sleep state or deep hypnosis
Gamma - rapid eye movement or the deepest state of sleep/hypnosis where operations can be performed without pain
A third-dimensional being functions in the Beta range, and moves into Alpha in states of creativity and prayer.
http://www.starchild.co.za/tired.html



machine to change state.? danger



absolutely no fear of authority




WHY SHOULD people avoid sugar/candies?
cause you cant stop/. have ever stopped eating chocollate when you got to the half? Me? no.
:)
You ll want it to day. You will want to eat some sugar tomorrow. Dont eat, dont start.


Which reminds me of .... alcohol. The way some other people drink.
So I try to avoid sugar. And alcohol :)


some people choose not to respect rules.
can choose not to obey rules.

peopel never bad things about the other person, because they are being to polite.
so they say it during fight, with the intent to hurt.

that is also why make up sex is so good. it is true. no holds barred.
*
tey should say that stuff without the intent to hurt. when the ohters ide is calm. like the see.


istina je uvijek ista.
istina je jednostavna
laz je komplikovana.

everything is connected.
that is why agents are able to infiltrate other persons.
why java can see throug animals eyes
why we can move things.



cats pur at 25 or 50 Hertz. This applies to both domestic and wild cars (albeit the Cheetah didn't have the dominant frequency at 50 Hertz). These frequencies correspond to the most effective frequencies for promoting bone growth and repair -- as reported by Dr. David Williams in an issue of Alternatives for the Health-Conscious Individual. These frequencies stimulate bone growth, decrease swelling and joint pain, and increase the production of the body's natural anti-inflammatory compounds. 




girls they want to feel wanted, needed, beutiful, 
like they are the queens, kao malo vode na dlanu

schooling
you learn better with emotion ivolved. shamed - you ever forget it. but try love insteado f negative emotions.

pohvali dijete.

ilness just a touch that you move away.
darkness shone away by light.
connan.
fox
shed away ilness**


be carful of those dealing with moeny, they have two masters.

hate begets hate
love begets love


encoded in subconsciousness, because it cannot be encoded in consciousnes, wiped out on birth.
unknow pulling us towards

our bodies are programmable
by words.


stress jopb /evade - no ego.

how to shop for brkfast, lunch, dinner.


**to create matter (from energy)
you have to slow down energy.?

**what will happen on 2012?
new spring. for our galaxy?

rezonancom energija come from
power from lightnng

work 9-5 then go back to your wife and kids. try to leave work at work. your wife and kids will appreciate more to be with you, to be close to her, then to bring more money.
lonelyness is bad.

aura - color - frequency

god does not want killing in his name.

open portal with music. freq. moves, words, thoughts.

self  confidence:
join facebook. add some real friends. dont be afraid to speak your mind, even say somentinhg silly. dot insult people, or be suaxually provocative with marrried girls, or girls in realtionship, or girsl you dont kow enough, or girsl you are nut sure like you, that way.

enrol t osomse school or club. 
colelge, karate club, sports club, paraglaidng, padobranstov, etc.


going out
shave.
wear clean clothes

if there is some sport event, like bowling ,or pool, dont try to hard to wind.
taht is not important. be relaxed.


dont try to impress others.
dont be jalous of theor success. be happy fo them.
dotnt worry if you are not the best. relax. inf act try to miss one, or imageine what that would be like.
ifd you are relaxed, ou have hoigher chance of being successfull in games. observe others, find what they do wrong, their weajknesses.
being the wnner is iot the most important in a complany.
relax, and enjoy.


you dont have to (try to) impress any one. relax.
besides, you have higher chancess of success if you relax. and smile.


using frequency to purify water.
pray

using frequency for magic.
vibration.
see crossworlds :), the scene with th whistle



how to stop power from corrupting people:
install watcher. externall consioucnes. moral
someone with no inerest in any way.
enemy?
or public. make everything, every decision vailable for public, eery signed document.
incl. military! ?



how to life skils. wahsing machine, groceries, food, breakfast
washing disjes, ironing
shave?
grils** always wear deodorant. take a sahsower or wahs before date.
or perfume.


tinfoil for eggs?

no candies. try homemade cookies or bread butter n jam/honey.
butter, o  margarin wo/ hydrogenated,...

orcoat for dishes
raders digest
first step difficultest trick, into just starting. hop pover it :)
movement. 


listen intuiton.
sex oos sacred? shared spiruitula ..   see halexandria. moe naurem more love less, war
for rwetiurnuing women godesss

If enough people believe isn something, it becoems a reality
if one man belies in something it be omes his reality?

should I or should i not?

Piper: "Suit yourself... but no one reaches the end and says I wish I hadn't fucked so much!" 



mariage questionarre, to see if they are grow up enough.
1st. take care of a dog for 6 months. morning evening walks...
or a baby for a month. doll. feeding, wake up, ill,
stress test?

howto marriage, free days.
no promises


boobies hidden, that's why thery are os much sought for.
also sex.

*** silly: no time. you cant lose time.

throw a wrong pitch once. p sawyse

my body is in perfect shape
get back to that perfect condition
I love my body
I am number 1!



*
Girls will thik it is theor mistake, they are not married by... year
if the guy they give signals is not making passes at them, thy will think, they are not good enough.
(everyday talk is not a signal. laughing to every joke, standing close, touching with hand, looking starigth in the eyes, intently intensive is :))

they want to make their man happy. they want to please him.


they want what their man wants. so he can be happy.
man:  do you want to eat here? 
woman: Yes. If you want to.
:)

**shooling try  learning 1 hour a day.
or 2 hours a day.

not by lessons.





how to marriage:
make yourself unavailable sometimes.
it is not interesting to eat a cake if you kjnow it will always be available,. there is a whole plate waiting for you.
make yourself wanted by others. meke your parnter jealous.

read messages from music
emotions


***how babies are made, analogy, nature planting seed.


when you have to do something do it with a smile on your face, and a fire in your heart.

if you do something with a heart/fun
you encode those emotions in the product, and you cannot faiol:)
like prelude to carmen.
natural ups and downs. :)

eat ewhnever hungry, to loose wight. but dont eat candy ,sugra, or meat. (oif have to eat meat, eat fish. if need more eat cheicken. no cow. no red meat)
eat till 80% full?

you dont rule anything/1 if greed ruyles over you
greed comes from fear of not having enough.

dolphind know body is not all.

why would a beautiful women just want to cehat her husband and want to sleep with you.
but if you are in aplce of power it could be used against you.


in a relation how te tleell anoyying nes.
when relaxed, act if it snot that import, b
say if you would please
thank you,
NOT during the fight.
say : listen , I know its not a big deal, but if you could do me a favor and ...
close the bathrom door while using the toilet, or
dont leave wet towels on the floor, or
put the lid on the toothpasete.?

but not all of theses at the same time.?


be weild in sex  somtem9ise. first gentle then wild ?
make up sex?



schooling
considr it a like a video game. goal is to have 100% on each mission(subject) 
you read some tutorial, howtos /books
and have a go /test :)


if you dont like your life/reality then change it.
see visualize it, make plan/do it.

how defer attacks in office.
be polite. imagine the best intentsions. explain the way to do it.
if he says he doens't kno how to.


dont ask of me to lie for you.
i will not do it.

you can t help person that doesn't want to be helped

"Mystery is to men what romance is to women."
men are attracted to mystery
women are attracted to romance.


"Put the Blame on Mame" Anita Ellis


write down memories in water.
water. human body. matter.?

they do not awnt to be understand
***they cant sometimes understand thmeslevse.

meditate for yourself
meditate for world
learn
do . menial work is good for soul

meditate for world
meditatefor self
sleep.
**


**
if you want to be afraid, then you will be afraid. if you want to be insecure, then you will be insecure.


a hexa....
pictures of people have enrgies. keep them away. unknown people's peictures.

<a href="http://www.thenewageblog.com/spiritual-meditation-water-carrier-desire/">http://www.thenewageblog.com/spiritual-meditation-water-carrier-desire/</a>

***
Send messages by water.
By air, using sound energy-voice, or mind energy=telepathy
Energies such as positive energy, and energy of love can be sensed and written down in water crystals.
When we do something with love, we write positive energies down in it.

So if we do it with love we cannot fail.

never stop dreaming. never stop believing.*****

girls:
http://www.sing365.com/music/lyric.nsf/Red-Light-Special-lyrics-TLC/F85F34E05374DB064825689A002F7DEE
they like to be led, 
to make their man happy/please him
cause they knwo... if you are happy she is happy.
and vice versa
someone stron enough.
mission ... get married, have kids. or they ll think they are failures.
biggest fear to be.an.old. spinster. 
to them it means they were not good enough, fauled to get married.
:( noone picked them . 



**scholling. teachers should be guides, helpers, light bringers (prosvjeta, prosvjetni radnici.)
not someone kids are afraid of. why are they afraid? cause of 1. they think someone will find out/think they are stupid. 
but most or all are not stupid. they move at their pace.
peer 2 peer study is less emotional traumatizing than to teacher to student.
they connect teacher with osmeone who gives /sometimes/ bad grades. someone with power, they fear.
teachers should be guides, helpers, light bringers ... kids hould not be afraid of them.
but should respect them, like they should expect elders.

there should be no fear. repsect yes, fear no.

asign problems before sturding them in the callss. students try to solve them, read books. dscuss in class. let them solve til tomorrow if they havent already.
why nod sicussion in clas?
type on sms?/gps/notepad

you dont judge a book by its color
or car by its shape & chasis & color?
wso why judge a women by its look?
or any human?

ask the time, to slowdown, politely.***



add howto pravopis

howt say no. polite

how to ...


how to succeed in something you make.?
do it wiht hear/tlove.
if you do it with heart/love/joy/song in heart, you cant fail.

what if index kod tebe. leave at studend service

what if make a mistake.
apologise if you really mean it. learn from it. dont do it again.

what if 

cloudforms.COM
astral pjections.too
on feetten me will be there mayby


dolphins happy survive cons, material lost in time anyway

schooling
mnemoni
b
s
d
s

and rmmbr else too

**work
prioritize
stress sim, till no longer stress.

**girls like eye contact


what does god for /fro m us
only what we want for us.
also create reality .

how to pressent 
USE ppt . write tese on it. to remin you. you dont have to learn by heart.
check speling, use spelle checker.
lighten up.
add some graphic, tables. graph,  
each slide 1 new item. not 2 or more.
keep it simple.
use hight contrast, btext on 
google unknown therms it takes a sec only
check corect terming.
repeater. 
write notes for you if you go somwehere. pc might be down, no electricity.
be rprepaired.
read more source than one. get into subject (freq). vaster than written,
at least know what you wrote about .
don let others write you.
even not as goodd yours isd sbetter then someone oelse write for you. and youl learn a lot
if a mistake, keep going.
you might also say, there is a msitake , if you want.
or mention later in next presentation.
like palying guitar, dont to stop.


schooling
dont say  i dont know. 



schooling
listen others rpresentaiton.


rich**
if they pay good money for this, to do you.
they have areason. they make money too.
it is probabluy dangerous.
beware! be careful

**stress management
simulator in head, roundabout example, till no worry
and 2. viusalize ok without worry or problem
bereathe peace in unpiece out.
no ego. say thank you
not get offeneded.. say thanks for advice.

***add koelo to evolve page...?



**school
it is not the smartest that finish/graduate from colledge. it is the most persistant, ambitous, hard working.
you probably knwo some people that dont seem the smartest peopople in the weirld with clege degree.
how did they do it?
they worked. studied, and persisted.
so can you.

if submbled. ask yourself, if this person could finish the college , so can I or.
or sommany people gruadte college. they are npot bettter or smarter then me. 
**if thye can doit, co can I
if you pay the m tuition from uyour pocket, dont let the monay go wasted :)
persist and you will succeed.
if you get stuck, ask for help. from schoolmates, teachers, or parents (to find tutor, or for an advice. they have been around longer than you)
there is no shame is asking for help or advice.
would you rather ask for help and succeed, or not ask for help and fail.
we all might need help  sometimes. with a little help form my friends :)


howto washing machine
forbined to do, you will want more
frobidenn to learn you will want more

sex info /howto: forum hr. ljs

should i have sex w bf/gf/
dont let be forced

cna i get pregnant if  i have 1 sex : yes
what should i do i am pregnant?



**surreneder your ego how to avid streess? now owrirry on job, but ndont become dormattrac?? spelling

****waht is death?
when you do astral projection, you leave your body
stll you are connected with cord. like umbelical cord.

when the cord is disconnected, snap, svered, your body has lost its driver.
Or, when your body is too damaged [to sustain soul inside? why would it need to do that?]
or cannot be operated any more, your soul leaves your body.
body is dead. soul is not. it cannot die. it is energy, energy cannot dissapear, it can only
go into another state.


facebook note long, mentions money.

**girls mission: find a reasonably clean guy, make him like you/or already like you [even better]
persuade him he loves you, and he cannot feel love for any other girl while he is with you.
he is also not allowed to.

persuade him he wants to get married, chained to you by a ring, 
make him believe/persuade him he wants to stop having sex with other girls, love affairs, and even looking at other girls is forbidden.
even 20 years from now, he will only want to have sex with you. even if he can have sex with/seduce young(er) girls.
Make him sign the contract saying this. in church, and in front of the law.
Make him promise you he will love you forever.

problem is, you can't tell heart what to do... Yours or his...

****you ll htink more clear/clearer if you dont watch tv, tv news, listen news, read news, violence
use damaging products in healt  like sls, mineral oils, fluoride?
in meal hydrogenated oils...
try leistening to some classical music. search for 150 most beautiful sclasscl songs.


or are in pain,  and leave your body, 

*why men don't like women ordering them.

*be gentle to her nipples. they are _very_ sensitive. use your tongue, and or lips.  :)
be sparing on the teeth. 

talk to her. keep the comm lines open. it is important. otherwise boom. of communicationts. explosion.

the moment you stop trying to remember, you will remember.
actually themoment you stop being afraid what if you can't remember? Am I dumb? no.
the moment you stop worrying if you will remember. And you will remember. So don't worry :)

they want to serve man
try teklling the truth one whole day

**how to thesis
start reading
start writing
create a tree, to fill. subitles for example.
write bit by bit
it will compound to finished project.
hammer it day by day


power without control = disaster.
imagine if kids and adults would learn/study with the same fervor they play games. 24/7, from sunrise till sunset :)
But instead school is made to be boring. for now. :)

men idolize woman, and when they don't live up to their expectation they get angry or dissapointed.

iumagine you have already finished. spo dont worry. wyou will finish it in tinme.
 visualize waht it is like. looks like.

how to get rich fast? there is no way.
is money worth it?

how to college
how to at job.boss is always right.? :)

wish 4 dimensional, including time
if you dont think youll be ill , you wont become ill.

schooling. finde new solutions. play. have fun.



the sooner you start, the sooner you will finish.
schooling :)
visualize the appearance of the finished paper in your head. bit by bit.

cooling body. lavor and legs in it.

cause when you want to do something, you cannot wait till you do it again.
once you start you won't be able to stop. till long hours in the night.

if we tell it to worry, it will worry.

get energy from? polyphase el energy. deed/fix our body.
inst of energy of food?
tesla



once you getinto freq of a subject, you can learn anythoing.
provided you are inteligent enough to understand it
(able to hold frequency that high?)
forgeting losing a frequency? like a radio station?


if you know where you are going, any road will take you there.

when people treat little kid lliket they know nothing, kid might think so. wrong.

**how fast you learn.
get into beta waves? , twilight,
wehn learning.get inside, understadn it logically.


reality: electrical impulese interpereted by brain 
from matrix

**
girls want to be chosen,/ they think something is wrong with them if no one approaches them.
it should be by the guy they deem "worthy" of them.
girls like you more to be with them, than to spend time making money away at the company.
they need human touch.

try to connect the dots, fire those synapses
connect the synapses.
be eager/want to learn. catch the new.s

smart man always finds something to do.

***lkine with random sequence. video.


do it now, so you don't have to do it later.? but what if.
“Imagination is more important than knowledge. For knowledge is limited to all we now know and understand, while imagination embraces the entire world, and all there ever will be to know and understand.”
 Albert Einstein

They do not want to be understood, which is impossible,
since they do not even understand themselves sometimes. :) 
(Always.)

sound to video. ofset.

he who wants to win the most will win.

dont eat heavy meal before an exam.

prioritize

do something first, then have all day to do other stuff, instead of all day thinking
how you have to do that "heavvy" stuff.


how would you remember? leave clues? marks? what would they be?
words ? formulas
chnage past by changing future?


stargazing
over 60% water


using telepathy to improve learning.

mixing energies is like mixing colors. some add some substract.
some add something of theirs, some substract something else.?
why not watch tve, bade nwws, agressive music.

nakupoina negativne energije koja tvori cvor - bolest.
energy massage. and by matter, which is energy slowed down.


how to walk on air? fly?
isak newton, color and music notes.

what is open andclose circle? sharing.

****How to stop being shy?

Eliminate ego from the equation.

how to quantify the man? by the amount of love in him.
things done with love cant fail/be unsuccessfull.

schooling dont be afraid, just the text with same letter as any other text.

just as being afraid wont help you finsh something successifuly

tesla, time back, cells back in time.
is memory in cells or spirit?

no amount of your worrying can change events.

memory cannot be erased. i think.

you are doing it to yourself.

Don't be afraid of being insulted, hurt, or ashamed.
That doesn't mean you shoud go around hurting people :) .

change past by changing future?
change past by intent
future.

There's always going to be somebody smarter, prettier, nicer. It's better to appreciate it instead of being threatened by it or defending yourself against it.

they don't need someone to worship them, althought that could be interesting for a while, they need someone of their own level or higher, a partner, someone to lean on, someone to share life with, someone who they can talk to, someone they can learn from.

why should you stop watching tv:

other people's lives, problems
tv zombifiaction
violence
death
as accptbl. not
\
game tutorial, choices, maja

I reserve the right to be wrong. :)

schooling two parts: gathering facts, understanding them, so you can use them (language?!)

**or perhaps it is in us.
**school first step is the hardest. con't be afraidd. it is made by humans for humans.
if tey could do it...
no ego = no envy :)

prioretize when learning. do you have to play game now, or look that up or fb?
no?
wrtie down. do after 8pm

how to inc freq. video
how to evolve: links
what do aviod ev erydy products: sls, mineral oil, hydrogenated oilds. dont eat shit.
shampoo.. toothjpase hwowtio


**how to develop telepathy, w animals first
or just w humans? see text.

howto dft ilenss
ilness is matter. matters ios energy
energy defeat  matter/defeat ilness

wipeoput = that same process?


how to escape body/leave and come back







Achieve progress on Earth.
People fight on Earth because they are afraid, they will not have enough.
They fight over land, material, power, and money.
Greed comes from fear of not having enough.
They should learn not to worry. No greed - no war,
Through internet we have the ability to work together, to communicate.
To be connected and to work together, like ants.
To not be afraid of eachothers.

Meditate. Group mediatation to end wars and conflicts.
Dispell those who divide and conquer. Who are those? Those who profit the most from it.

Work together. Like ants. There are no limits to what we can do.


see Conan face of sugestion, a mere touch on his mind...
fox
earphones.



intention bridges time
we could be friends. but you are afraid, greefy... no need for greed

why did my girlfriend lecft me?
1. shen needs to hear/feel that she is loved. but definetely to  hear it.
some girls are insecure like that.


she is trying to find a perfect mate. that will love her, that she can see her future with.
if you are not that, she will have to move  on.

it snot ba disaster, she is just trying to find someon who she clicks with.
cause just haveing good time/sex is sometimes not enough.





there is no universal good or bad.
don't do to others things you don't want to experience.
*
some want to experience bad things. how can you know... *** add to howto.


how to create reality. when you say, I am going to ...?
how to traverse ttiume? if you have no body. it is easy :)
View future, past.
is past also statistical probability?

now there is no universal wrong and right.
Some people have to experience pain. 


Just be careful waht you wish for.??

work your finger to get her wet.



cloud


http://www.classicalforums.com/articles/Music_Brain.html
* http://www.cerebromente.org.br/n15/mente/musica.html
http://www.ehow.com/list_6323224_effects-classical-music-grades.html

classical hit count page

if we can affect bad way our body, then we can affect it in a good way by positive thinking.
water inside of us.

Three-quarters of the Earth's surface is covered with water, yet 98 percent is salt water and not fit for consumption.
Less than one percent of all the water on Earth is freshwater available for human consumption.
WATER AND HUMANS
*  The human body is more than 60 percent water. Blood is 92 percent water, the brain and muscles are 75 percent water, and bones are about 22 percent water.

*  A human can survive for a month or 

75% of Earth's surface is covered with water.
The human body is more than 60 percent water.
What the prayer does to us?
What the negative and positive thoughts do to us?



rich are getting richer
how to judge a man = amount of love

What is the answer to life the universe and everything?
Love.

we could be brothers if you are not greedy.
show some love, 
you probably need some empathy.
love is the answer to everything :)

jesus: if you dont want something done to you dont do it to others, masochists excl.
sould guide you not your basic instincst, nor fear nor greed, but ;ovwen

do not have sex with persons you dont plan ot haave long time loving relationship with.
haveing sex makes conenction, bodns that last long time.
dont sleep with prositutes. they moght be forced to do it in some way.
offer them help if they want it . type it on the cell phone.
room is often monitored for sound, in case something goes wrong.
you also might be roorded on camer, to be used against you later.
dont do something you might not be proud of later in life, or regret it.
or say things you might not be proud of  later



future is statistical probability. //?it is not decided which w/on(e) road.
 "Everything is foreseen, but freedom of action is given," states the Talmud, the ancient commentary on Biblical law.
"But the Bible code caused me to realize that there is another alternative -all our possible futures were foreseen, and we are choosing among them."
Why didn't the Bible code just tell the one real future? The answer appears to be that there isn't just one real future, there are many possible futures.

"Physics has given up," said Richard P. Feynman, the Nobel laureate many consider the greatest scientist since Einstein. "We do not know how to predict what will happen in a given circumstance. The only thing that can be predicted is the probability of different events. We can only predict the odds."
According to Rips, the whole Bible code had to be written at once, in a single flash. "We experience it like we experience a hologram-it looks different when we look at it from a new angle-but the image, of course, is pre-recorded."

"In the Bible time is reversed," said Steinsaltz, noting an odd quirk in the original Hebrew text of the Old Testament.

"The future is always written in the past tense, and the past is always written in the future tense."
"We may be moving against the stream of time," said Steinsaltz, noting that the laws of physics are "time-symmetric," that they run just as well backwards as forwards in time.

http://www.muphin.net/biblecode/08.htm



intention bridges time. if you itned to something, ou will do it. time needed to pass is isrelevan, if you always choose  with intent to get at the intended destination

we could be friends. but you are afraid, greefy... no need for greed

why did my girlfriend lecft me?
1. shen needs to hear/feel that she is loved. but definetely to  hear it.
some girls are insecure like that.//?


she is trying to find a perfect mate. that will love her, that she can see her future with.
if you are not that, she will have to move  on.

it snot ba disaster, she is just trying to find someon who she clicks with.
cause just haveing good time/sex is sometimes not enough.




how is tv used to programm people:
commercials: buy
-keeping people thinking about other peoples problems
-repeating same princple twhre they are telling people (the audience) they are stupid, 
how do you spell...

tell them by the main character they are helpless 


fear through bad news: pictures of death, disctruction, 

see a movie called: they live




how measuere a man: amount of love. women usually higher, bcs of choildren bearing connection
what ca n help us/save: love, only love. the beatles song : all we need is love.
haddaway: love is the answer, to evertyhing?
what to do when afraid : laugh, sing, dance, whistle a tune ...
think of the people you love. love is the answer to everything :)
feel love. beating comning from the Creator,  from you to others in in a ray of love from your heart



**earphones movie


bad people: self serving, always try to be in control.
dont be lik that

how to see reality at molecular level

howto telepath
animal takl

howto rv, jame casbolt

self hypnosis photo memory?

*quit being lazy:
http://vladdolezal.com/blog/2009/the-pain-and-pleasure-principle/
focus book

moisturize whole body


program body to bee undiseaseble, unable to get disease.
if it is to get rid of disease.

http://www.martawilliams.com/WhatIsAnimCom.htm
how to communicate with animals: by feelings. also telepathy
http://www.martawilliams.com/TryItYourself.htm


animals communicate by feelings

if it is something you are afraid to tell your parents, or someone asked you not to tell your parents, ask why is that?
your parents have more life expericene(having been more here on earth) than you. why are tthey afraid of you telling your parents? surely you could use your parents jusdgment.
what do tehy have to gain form your (parents) judgement. if it is ok, why not tell your parent.

thati s cause we can create reallity:)
it doesnt matter what you do, as long as you have intent to cure yourself.
probably would wourk without mechanical healing, but it is easier with it. ?


also if something is done to service self=neg
to service others=positive, ?

whay are kids so "sucessfull?"/not stressed when playing as kids? ? they dont take anything seripously, they take it a s agame.
no worrys

should I stop smoking?
Read the label.

*why boys dont like taking orders from girls.
=social order . giving order = higher level of order giver.
ask for help instead

The man who would be king 1975
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3dJf5rO0-BM
***girls
they also think boys will change if they love them (girls). and that they (girls) can change boys
upset if boys dont agree.
upset if boys dont agree theya are always right
think theya are always right. their view is always right. they are always correct.
upset/suprised if boys dont agree.

upset i f boys fdont like to go shopping.

**
shcooling
dont be afraid
make it/have fun
this is just a play.
get into frequency, by reading a book. (few times)

shooling should be transport of knowledge from teachers to students.
Do not be afraid of teachers. Do not be afraid of asking them (school/subject related) things.
But show your respect for them. They are older than you.

Do not be afraid of failure. Even if you fail at the first try, you will still have a chance to try again.
Learn from you experience. Prepair better for the next time. Learn the answers to things you did not know the first time.
The point is not ot be afraid of failure. That alone can cause failre sometimes.
SO do not bae afraid of failing. It is not the end of the world.
http://vladdolezal.com/blog/2009/the-pain-and-pleasure-principle/


**2012. check link in 1checklink.txt
**wegiht loos. ..body thinks there isno food. unregular eating. lets stock up


*why should people be careful what they read, watch and listen?
everything weintake resonates within us for some time longer.
The music filled with anger stays with us for a while.
Violence and negative thoughts from movies.
Bad press.
So focus yourself on positive music, watch movies that are positive, and stop reading
news/press alltogether if positive. Remove papers with shiny titles and photos of unknow people staring at you.
have some fun, keep photos of people you like and love, and go out in the nature.
Or mix it and go in nature with lovely people. 
thats where it all begins. :). 
(Just don't litter. :) )

fill your sould with smile, laughter/
smile to yourself in the mirror.
and beforeyou go to sleep, awake.

*water
take away all negative if there is any.

to undertand a man you have to know where he is coming from.
as with everything, only 1/11 is visible on the surface

how to doefeat alzyness:
sya I like this
i want to do this
this is fun
lets go on a /this will be an adventure.
imagine in future when you have done it
intent? somehow connect ed?

aslo fo learning


why should I avoid alc drugs someks
people dont behave notrmal when using alc. see.
drugs black hole
somek. inhaling tar. read the label. amoniac


who are you aftraid of ? what

who are you ashamed of .? dont be. do waht you know is right.


images sounds create

how to writ?
follow your insticnscts. consult it often.

is being gay an ilness?
love is love
people don't choose to be gay.? something missing.

can you get pregnant if you only have sex once?
Yes. Use condoms. Or pill (less protective)


can you get std if you only have sex once?
Yes. If your partner has std you can get std from him or her.
If you are unsure, or having sex with the person you met only recently, use condoms

How do you put a condom?
google.


You'll never be sorry for the things you tried, only for those you haven't.
So, go ahead, ask her.

(Previous line excludes drugs, which are like the black hole. Stay away from them.)
Avoid cigarettes and alcohol too. They are bad for your body. And soul.

they like to hear " I love you", but only if you really love them.









what is the difference  between successful people and not  successful?
sucessfu people tend to ask more questions.
they trust their gut feelings?

cheoose they way you want
choo. visualise yor ug rirlfriend


grass also the circel of life.
day/night
year seasons
grave/grass

materials dissapear. return to their natural state: energy
Humans, too? :)




ignore annoyance, worry/
set to /ignore


how to wipe off butt :)



*** girls like: integrity? google word. :)

initiative at jobs
initiative at starting the girl. if she gives off signals
signals are:

they assume they are always right. if their boyfriends disagree
they wonder like: imagine he wouldn want to do what I wanted.
How could he. I must complain to my girlfriends. he wont play to my tunes :( :)

hwo to fidn a job? put add? do some volonter work.


work howto:
and in work learn how to say no?

if you keep saying bad stuff about yourself you will start beliving.
but if you keep saying good stufff. .. you will start believeng



stay away from downers, who always complain.

how to say bad news/request. to other peoples. including your parents.
be polite, but firm. say please and thank you

first step? with antonio banderas.



how to talk to other people
be polite, but firm. say please and thank you
dont stare.
esp not at girls breast.

how to remove bags under eyes.
massge, tipping.

tipping on everthing?try it on everything?

dont accuse other people, until you are abolutesly usre of ones ;s guilkt

apoogise when mistaken.


how to earn pople's respect?

Learn to say no.

[[[[
Is sex a bad thing.
only if you paractice it badly :)

I mean, only if you practice it irrensposible, or force someone to have sex with you.
physically or mentally.


otherwise it is a greaut unioun of two bodies into one . 
two souls int one. two hearts into one.
]]??

how to get to a better life?
stop making your own prison.??

how to exit abusive relationship. ???


How do I get good at anything.
Practice. A lot.


What shoud I study. College. pick someting you like.
not osmething for the money, or cause it is convinient 

how to end a relationship, or stop/not start a new one.
be polite , and try to make it painless.
you might be at the other end some day,


how to treat others? like you would like to be treated.
unless you are masochishtic. :)
in that case, find ssomeone with smae belifes and have fun :)









stupid people - bad
when around young people - feel younger
smart people - smarter :)

how to raise your kid? read anastasia.

how to defend yourself? 10 moves, movies.
expect to miss, leverage.
get out of line, move out hitt. know the spots. weak spots.

how to find information/knowldege. ask the God? universal repositoryt?
inside of you?

if freq high enough. love
and if meant to know, (not Not meant to know)

electiructuty energy store for use?
tesla experiment mountain. wires + pole?

hemp car material steel.
biodiesel. industry in rs.

write down your ideas, dreams.

how to fly/time travel, powers?
telepathy
talk with animals

why doeple do bad stuff?
cause they get scared (for their survival, that they wont make ti..)
fear makes people do scary shit.,

how to change thigs?
make a plan.
visualize it happening
act on it.


buy the things you want, and will fill the need, not the cheap stuff

not healthy always cheap

avoid hydroginezed oils,

how to natural : shamppo, toothpase,  soap detergent..
whata re joices maede of. coke?

cops should use not killing device for bneutralizing peopel.
aoe ultra sound?
 flashlight?, rubber bullets?
gas gun?

make a plan
pretend you are hurt
when they think they have won, when they relax
attack.

never pick a battle you can't win

the poing of life.
experience life
help others
evolve
LOVE?

girls: do
men do: superior, posiotn structure.

how to ask the girl out.
first, ask/find out if she has a boyfriend.
you will never be sorry you tried.
but will be sorry if you didnt.


how to sex.
read a book 
keep arhytm
watch/read her body signs.


no animal can have two heads?
because ...

why not drugs?
its a black hole. you wouldn be able to get out.
noone would. the risk is too high, too much on stake.

what are girls?
more than just a look. a whole universe.

why should we be in nature? to connect with it.
to heal the nature and ourselves.

music and color has music? freq?
light and ?




outside nature heal

why do my parents hate me?
love your parents

hot esc bullywy shar? openn
family abuse? talk to someone. ask for help. it is not your fault.
double if you are forbidden to ask for help or threated not to.

others not nice art, open? 
they mirror your acting. :) actor.
tryue t them...
to thes as you wuld want

waer pool.

univ rep? knowledhge high ffreq enough?

when in  doubt... what woulgd you like yto be done tpo you
xc masocihst


girls unsecure. body
bys as strange to thm,e as girls are to boys in the begining

why people should drink water when eating.
why people should not drink alcohol? it is not meant for humans.
vine vs grape.(juice)

why shouls i sstop eatring products with sugar?
sugar drug?

free petrol? hemp biodiesel.
co2 run cars


remember to make it fun. life that is. and study

how to defeat ilness. wipe it off .germs.
and if someone coughs at you.
get externas source of power
imagine wipin of germs

fox, defeat
http://www.youtube.com/watch_popup?v=XSCpv0pNrFo&vq=medium#t=376
http://www.youtube.com/watch_popup?v=XSCpv0pNrFo&#t=376


girls like:






what was the ;ast thng you worried about?
do you ssee hw stupid it seems now?
how not to worry



remember to blinke often. wehn reading from scren/
preactice change of perpectif, near/far


gershon
brethe out

why are woman jealous? for them it is a proof of love.
they would like you to start kissing them at the door, whne both of you come home. "you want /love her so much you cant wait."

moisture often. esp (around?) eyes and mouth, which means lips
howto: wet, wati and dry. or dont dry
every so often. wipe or not.
and your hair too :)


peeling (?check) for too much acne face.

read books
telepathy
sehck if woman likes you
learn english. speak, watch movies, get into freq, grammar online...
couch surfing
breathe in out
wieoe out germs
caugh it uot. or laugh it out , or fart, or sneaze iit out. ilness. or sweat it out.
feed on sun/recharge.
quote
imagine yourself as a light.
turn black aura part to blue (or your color.)
deodorant natural, dtergent

study
to stop watching tv
If you need entertainment, read a book, surf the net (hint: wikipedia), or (go out) and talk to someone.
Or create something, with one of your senses for example. :)


pace yourself. 10 things.
escape abuse
eat regulary
not be late for work




heal with menstrual blood
use menstrual blood to heal, for plant growing. ***dubrenje

ease pms
facebook article



focus on learning
persuade youreslf it is interesting and you want to learn it
30 minutes learning units. so you can see time and material pass.
no learning after 8pm, so you dont delay.


see yourself passing the exam

change icon creathmtl

learn to do 1 thing at a time, not 10
do 10 bullets of 1 thing, then move to next. and or rest inbetween.

doing ten 10 at once is not successful

have fun
reduce worry
reduce stress. simulator..

howto not stress& get things done:
delete items when done
write a list, with assagned time. and another for longtime items. items that can wait. enter latest date
you ll se you dont have that many tasks to do.


say i am goint ot do this next half an hour. or hour. use stopwatch?
long time list? too?


stand out in the crowd/get a girlfriend:
be different. if everyone is shouting you be quiet.

stop being afraid.
of who find.  why.
or of what find
simulate till not afraid anymore.


keep your face look young
Keep your skin freesh by moisturising it often with water
keep your face muscles active by exercising them often. make faces.


hygiene. no compromises. clean undies.
toenail s?
bath, shower, teeh brush

sholing: intent like na arow, unstoppable
dont study in bed, you fall in selep
organize in dirs.
dont feel like you have to study. then you ll feel sleepy. like when you have to wake up in the morning,  all you want i sto sellep
have enough time to learn.
not after 8pm. say to yourself.
if you repeat something enough times, or write it down enough times, you will remember it 
oral exam. choose, fixate point.
UNDRSTAND the text. dont learn it by heart.
if you feel like giving up, rememeber a loto of people passed this way befor you.
if they did it, it cant be that hard. and it means it is doable.
not by all, but you are not just anybody, are you ;)
alos if you pay for it by your money, you will be less likely to quit, and give up your hard earned money.
remember by first leter. create acronyms, or use already existing.
always trust your instincts
what would you mark if you were home.
lete the teacher/rporf see your work if he walsk by. he will se it later anyway.
and he might help you :).
Most teachers want students to pass, not to fail.
some of them will help you if they can.
never say I don't know that. if youwait a little they will probably try to help you by rephrasing the question, or  something.
change past? with intent. imagine star light changing.
or change pastline. choose the future, like that choose past.
embrace different pastline.?
what would you do if the test was over and you had to choose an answer?
vis.uquestions exam, choose questions
strong intent, change past? (stars/stardust? magical? :) )


strip learning to the core.
30 mins *2m pause 5 min between each.
how to study/ chunks, relax
use alarm on 30-45 mins. noone can study all day.

each day learn 1hr, even if you are ahead of schedule?
(if you want check teh next material, learn?)

dont talk in class. keep it to the minumm
if you must. us whisper. 
keep mum if some some ohter studetnt keeps talking
shrugg, or nod your head. or make sign for silence
or show towrads teacher, or say:
ok just a moment, I would like to hear this.
sit in the front row. you ll hear better, teacher
will see you are ?watchful on the class
youll talk less. people around you will talk less
you will learn more from the teacher
you will see .better
you will hear better important informations
about school trios, exams and such
dont watch move, read newspapers, books, right after learning.
dont learn till the exam, you ll mix things probably. maybe note
dont eat too much before exam. bloow will not be in in your brain.
do not worry if you fail. not the first or the last fto lflank.
you ll have another chance to try and succeed.
dont be ashamed to ask studnet(s) who passed for help.



how  not ot be late: start 15 or 30 min earlier.

**purify. imagine ... something? purifiying water.

water pragammable, not the water can heal? can water heal?


public speaking.
practice public speaking, infornt mirror or not.
for oral exam, and anyway usefull.
imagine yourself speaking infornf of crowd.
do not be afraid. do not fear the sound of your voice in front of the crowd.
imagine audience in their underwear :)




