pdf presentation:
how to presentation?
have it printed, 2 pages per page, in case computer or beam is off.
or teach asks something. :)

no ego high, not insulted.
peer review thesis? careful not stolen.

ooze  wilth selfcinfidence.
also for girls. that is very attractive, very sexy

keep it simple. good contrast. (black letters on white)
***
be confident. good posture. talk loud enough and clear.
iron the clothes.
keep it clean
wash hair if dirty.
cut your fingernails short. term???

each sentence has begining, middle part and ending.
Dont mutter, or speak just for yourself.
Listen to what teacher is telling you.

Dont argue with teacher.

if didn't hear something ask the person to repeat.
dont lose temper. or be afraid of failing the exam/presentation. there will always be another chance.

not afraid of an exam
write on presentation slides
-reminders of the subsectio, not the whole subsection.

small amount of text. clear and understandable. not complicated graphic, tables, etc.

use laser pointer, or pointer/button page up and down clicker

print to pdf using cutepdf. or export to pdf in libre/open office.
you dont know if there will be powerpoint. also might have portable pdf reader lix foxreader some other. test it.
and add instalation to usb flash.


not the whole sentecnes.
teachs dont like it when you read EVERYTHING form the presentation. they dont know if you wrote it or someone else. or if you know anything.

whatever havppens,m act if you expected it.



bad: the purpose of this is twofold. to make something and to make something. ....
good: 

purpose:
make something
make something

if possible, each slide should have title of the subsection you are talking about at the top
example:
----------
CD-ROM

purpose:
-notes
-notes
1

----------
CD-ROM

function:
-notes
-notes



2
----------
CD-R

purpose:
-notes
-notes
----

one idea/one slide.
example: 1 slide adding numbers, one slide substracting numbers.
use examples on the slides!
add some pictures,
add some trivia. if you know they are correct
talk to the class too. if you are at an exam. not just the teacher.
anounce the end.(write thank you! on the last slide. or q & a?)
let them know it is over.

explain everything.
remember you know more about the topic than most students. excluding the teacher.
or audience at the scientific presentation in underwear.







flipping a class
http://blog.ted.com/2011/03/09/lets-use-video-to-reinvent-education-salman-khan-on-ted-com/
