add free commander
exactfile\

marcinak new

gulmencoder remark?

anadjuricpasworD1

ADD WINCE


Remind me to eat in      hours.




sleep on time
dont lie
not hurt others, comes back around

smoking. it seems like fun but you cant stop.
drugs. attack the brain. see smoking, only much worse. you ll end up alone in the ned, and start stealing.
dont try it. it is a black hole. it is not worth it. rarely if anyone can escape. it is not worht it you ll lose everetyhuing.



underwear
two days clothes/underware
hygiene
how to conflit easy
how to say, someone anoying you, maybe dont know. be polite,

approach a girl
show initiative, never send a friend, apporach first, give a suggestion
wait for a sign, ask is she has a boyfriend
how to break up with a girl. what if broken with

How to act on a job/esp with annoy
keep promise

what if you had a car accident

focus?
exercize

greed, have to have all. you cant have all
ear every 4 hours.
bring sandwich.
not be ashamed of truth?
ask if you dont knwo. succesfull people tend o ask more questions.

prepare. google. be in advantage.

on exams dont give up.
if you dont prepare, you will fail. start early 10 days ago (college). you cannot learn 12 hours straight.
time 30 min units. 5 min payse

alcohol, generaly bad.
not steel, be greedym, be greedy of other things
not be jealous, time is enough 70 uears
why should respect parents: been through your circle, they cared for you when you were kid, ill, wash clean cook for you

not get nervous
floss
cook?

drive a car

- How to balance a checkbook 
 - How to fix a flat tire 
 - How to cook (sure, it was an elective, but I never took it) 
 - How to do laundry (if you throw in underwear with brand new, red shirts, you're going to end up with pink underwear) 
 - How to deal with a pain in the ass coworker 
 - How to lick pussy (they should have at least one course on this, cuz women seem to think we're supposed to pick this up through osmosis)
create an atmosphere


 we need to teach people to think

simplest possible computer:
can play divx, flash/youtube.
has lan port, usb, vga
printer port/usb