best way of think do some mundane task, like in the bthroom
to do something you need time and will
to finish college it is more important to be persistent /uporan and vrijedan, ambitious than inteligent.
quantum resonance, in multple realities/possibiilities/times lines
learning is about adopting new knowledge. if you dont know something go back , learn it, then take a test again
no hurry, agrivating, anxiety. now eorries about  falling behind. master lesson before moving to the next one.

if you could launch yourself on learning something, like you start playing a video game (non stop action till it is done,
12 or 8 hours a day)...

http://www.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Fbiblioteka-online.com%2F&h=c492d22703c48b11b9f27dbf2e652abb
http://www.eknjige.org/download.php?knjiga=Tajanstveni-stranac

-nocorrect-pts' gets around the "Too many buffered pts" 
cestice snijega - privodna stvarnost
lets getu nconsious, making cards, accesss unconscoiuss

being young is like having a good weather, you start appreciating it only when it 's already gone.

people are studpid instead of working together for the better of all human kind, they divide in team and play sprot games one vs another.
instead of realizing theya re all one team, humanity.
and thye big fuss about who is going to win, which fuels their thinking of differency, instead of them being the same.
together, together...



what do kids have to watch on tv? gangs killing eachotehr, disrepecting women. violence, killing.
they should listen old indian stories, of good vs evil.

what makes people be what they are?
catch raindrops with hand(s)

paly by sound only.
luke skywalker -blindfolded game ?

what is the memaning of life? whatever makes you happy. beware thoug, round....

aura cpolor, using kiro;an to detect anomalies before ill.
most likely 1 , 2 3, 4 5, 6 ,7 nubmer


game wehn you neural advance, opositte of decay. so it would be transfered to real life, person
open source books -wiki, links, audio, video files
update fast,
pdf format...
check internet for example already ahppening.

A Game of Thrones (A Song of Ice and Fire, Book 1)


ilsa
beans of egypt
sex monster

there is no time so there is no futur or the past. it is all hapening at the same time.
 all the futures.
we are constantly jumping in differnt timelines
imagine milion ff dots on a plane all the possibilities.


big device flashing in the freq. to change ppl freq stand next to it.
time freq?
earth freq?
happynes f
luck freq? :)
make people more sensitive to earth frequency, God?
what is God freq?

things will go when you dont want them, when you are relaxed, when you are not trying too hard.



sharing is an open circle

go with your instincts. first
better strong  then weak maybe. for girl
nog ego in discussing

https://fedorahosted.org/liveusb-creator/
http://sidux.com/PNphpBB2-viewtopic-t-10929.html

To do: download Mass Effect

future wiki
becoming jane
bad things will always happen to you, but so will the god ones.
no one ever says: God why do these good thigns happen to me?
they are 2 sides of the same coin. nothing bad can happen to you. you are just expiriencing life.
you soul is immortal. but touchable. it experiences life.

movies are full of violence and rage. and also cartoons.

selflessness girls like it.
selflessness for the whole world
using the assets of everyone.

you can advance as high as you want to
new year's resolution? does it mean we can act as we please for the rest of the year?
telephatic communication. no lies, no deceit.

learn alphabet, it will be easier for you to learn to spell correctly.
to consonats, 2 vowels.




resist on cancer by making cells imune, in layer of.
increase connections / speed between dendrites. by stimulating the brain. like electro machines for muscles

automaitcall repair of cells. virsu?

ideas /thories thinker

errors intorduced to base pairing during replaication

since there is no time, all that is going to happen has allready happen.
knowledge could be difficult to understand. infinite number of possibilities, all exist in different
spaces? cosmoses? microcosmoses?

sphere = coming from God?

time freq. su=ync with it and you can? see the future ? travel through time.
nikola tesla experiment. set freq to ... and flow through time , like river.
or ship became non existant in time like cloud .

when you are relaxed you can draw/access knowledge from space/sphere

Double Switch (1987) 
Body Wars (1989)
Soapdish (1991)
Twenty Bucks (1993)
Heart and Souls (1993)
Radio Inside (1994)
Underneath (1995)
The Trigger Effect (1996)
Deconstructing Harry (1997)
Cousin Bette (1998)
Molly (1999)
Amy & Isabelle (2001)
Tuck Everlasting (2002)
Mysterious Skin (2004)
Palmetto (1998)


dobro.ba
all together now.

-ovc x264 
-x264encopts
 bitrate=956

150 Things Every Man Should Know: Telling You the Things Your Best Friend Can't"
whne you can see people for what they really are, you ll see most of them are stuoid insecure and ignorant.

real love is one that does not ask for anything in return, that wants nothing.
when you want nothing you fear nothing, but you hve nothing to live for.
middle line.

if you have done nothing bad in life you have no reason to fear death.

kde no line,
menu sucks, compared to linux mint.
no automount.
kde startup line crashes.
right click, add widgets, does nothing?
still cant have
start buttton-shortcuts to files line
		-currently open windows
setup done.

what is the second arrow line is panel setup for?
panel on boot does not got all the way to the end on the right?
you have to click 4 times in start menu to get to kopete? compared to mint 2?


if you dont REALLY need to do this now, go to bed if it is too late.
or go to work, and dont be late.

fortune favors the prepaired, do not hiope for luck too much.
first try to do something, do not expect a masterpiece in first try.

make a plan in your head. then execute it!

if you want to do something do it now. right now!. do not leave it for tomorrow.

if you choose between tv/ps/xbox/pc/movie and a girl/outside world, always choose live people.
you ll always have time to watch a movie.

no fear
enter


let the thought run through your head. watch them, like from outside. that's how you ll get to sleep soon.
fast times and alike

mkgmap.jar --net --route --country-name=Bosnia --road-name-pois --utf8 map.osm.xml


http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Mkgmap/routing
http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Mkgmap

178
man-electromagnetic pillar/column. liek el magnet

canals connected water - man connected = preserved

To clarify this. 3D Buildings and Laneassistant work only on nuvi7x5/8x5 devices
ASR files are only for Nuvi8x5 series.
3D Bildings and Timezone into the Garmin folder, no license key required
The installation file is in the IMG folder and is called CNEUNT2010Update_ENU.ms

Fast Times at Ridgemont High
c crowe
pink

GMAPPROM.IMG for the primary mapset
or rename to:
GMAPSUPP.IMG for the second, and
GMAPSUP2.IMG for the third mapset


Hi. Is it possible to convert openstreetmap.org map to igo map file and use it with igo software? Some command line program like there is for Garmin, http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Mkgmap? Is there a specification of the .fbl file somewhere on the internet?



civil wall book
some things can be inuitevly understood only. Like women.

maybe duying is part of strict rules and our errors. all part of learning, not that bad.

women are eather idolized or
A child, your new center of the world.
if people were aware of something better than this world existed, they wouldn't have to be
so greedy. selfish. afraid.

blinking light
up in the air, then use lightning energy
scalar vector

lakica desno, kraj, s mokreanjca, lijevo mokreanjca.


radoslava lakica

tdo ? unlock gps drive?

Flashforward is a science fiction novel by Canadian author Robert J. Sawyer
women want to improve men by giving them advices about everything. man hate it cause they thing women are saying" you cant do it, so i must help you to deal with your problem. they think women think they are weak.
solution: women dont give advices to man. as painful as it is to be quiet.

woman like to talk about their problems. men are NOT required to solve their problems. men think if women are telling them their problems, they are required to solve them.
solution: men, you are NOT required to solve their problems. just listen, even if the story seems without a point. dont watch tv ot read newspapers. just look at her and listen. For woman it is sort of valve, like men walk aroundwhen they have a problem to solve. Women tal instead.
From a book.

zmedju dk i solunske, i ona slijepa ulica
juzno od brace potkonjaka 2?

doel prll sa gospodskom lijevo pored banke, a i dole
petlja - sa autoputa prema pevecu.



when with girl, most important thing is to trust our instincts. if you think you should kiss her, by all means do.
dont be a pussy. don't do anything nasty to her like pulling her hair, or hitting her.

Mark Twain - most of it is funny. Unlike the other answer, I did not find "Connecticut Yankee" very funny. However, "Adam and Eve" is hilarious. Perhaps the first "how men and women are different" comedy, he describe

http://www.life-after-harry-potter.com/

there is a story behind every person

!AAC Peter Mayle - A Dog s Life [txt].rar


The Sorceress Of Belmair 


gmapsup2.img doesn't work with a Nuvi. lQ!y^ b R  
the best way to combine, as stated above, is to send multiple maps with Mapsource to card. If only have gmapsupp.img of maps, you can use Patch Img to combine into one large gmapsupp.img. I don't think it works with NT versions of maps, though. { =F8  
http://www.malsingmaps.com/wiki/index.php/Using_PatchIMG 2P

However, the internal drive of the Nuvi will recognize a few other images. In the same Garmin folder as your gmapprom.img, you can rename your gmapsupp's and copy maps as: J oTgs	 8M  
gmapsupp.img (in addition to the one on your sd card) ;a(D1j "a	  
gmapprom1.img bN#Gh UYi  
gmapbmap.img (basemap, which is already probably there) .^uY) \k_  
gmapoem.img (usually used for OEM POI data) I am not certain if the map will function correctly if saved as this, but it will be visible to Nuvi.




secretary
malicia
kids
kid neck
life as a house
crash
boat
guy director girls
crown me

bounty
chromosomes can be copied in a complete way during cell divisions and how they are protected against degradation. T


it's ok.
reshield, refresh, rejuvinate. first every 15 minutes, than all the time. energy connected. energied.
underworld is free. for good nation.
always land on your feet

planet 51
the ugly truth
anarchy online
runes of magic

if you could change our body frequency. leap forward in time.

teamviewer


astro boy
Windows Vista

Turn it off (the easy way):
Download vistaunzip.reg, and save it to your desktop.
Double-click the vistaunzip.reg file, and then click Continue, Yes, and then OK when prompted.
Restart Windows (the change won't take effect until you do).
Turn it off (by hand):

Open the Registry Editor (regedit.exe).
Navigate to HKEY_CLASSES_ROOT\CLSID
Delete this key: HKEY_CLASSES_ROOT\CLSID\{E88DCCE0-B7B3-11d1-A9F0-00AA0060FA31}
Delete this key: HKEY_CLASSES_ROOT\CLSID\{0CD7A5C0-9F37-11CE-AE65-08002B2E1262}
Restart Windows (the change won't take effect until you do).
If, at any time, you wish to re-enable Windows Vista's built-in ZIP support, just follow these steps:

Download vistazip.reg, and save it to your desktop.
Double-click the vistazip.reg file, and then click Continue, Yes, and then OK when prompted.
Restart Windows (the change won't take effect until you do).
Windows XP

Turn it off:
Select Run from the Start Menu.
Type regsvr32 /u %windir%\system32\zipfldr.dll at the prompt, and click Ok.
The change will take effect immediately, but you may have to restart Windows for all traces of the built-in ZIP support to disappear.
If, at any time, you wish to re-enable Windows XP's built-in ZIP support, just follow these steps:

Select Run from the Start Menu.
Type regsvr32 %windir%\system32\zipfldr.dll at the prompt, and click Ok.
The change will take effect immediately, but you may have to restart Windows for all features of the built-in ZIP support to be available.




Mental Therapeutic

Trainspotting
dragonlance
idiocracy


webvam fprint
webcam login
x-login
kpersonalizer

kids have no place to go out to.
dulanie method

real rap talk
you can be poor but hoonest.

avatar
brothers
gold souls
district 9
time travelers wife
spread
stare at goats
nine
inception
the box
2012
gamer
my one and only
post grad
planet 51

saying goodbuye to life is the hardest thing. the highest of you dont neeed ... thing
when you are done, you can leave if you want, or God call s you back.
Women have invented marriage. why would any man want to stay with one woman till the rest of his life? women are scared of men figouring this out, so they have invented marriage. They grab you when you are young. later you figoure out, I could've done better, which some men do.
Why is theor lif goal getting married. It is a way of securing man will legally be bound to her.
For the rest of his life. I 've never heard a man say to me: get married, that is the best thing.
But I have heard: "Don't _ever_ get married", more than once.


girls: they make you believe you want what they want.



http://www.amazing-planet.com/en/home


elf
skakanje
rodland
pang
ruffntumble

internet desktop

besides god has a plan for each one of us, so dont worry.


http://www.wallpaperbase.com/landscape-forest-8.shtml

http://www.wallpaperbase.com/wallpapers/landscape/lake/lake_19.jpg
http://www.wvw.downarchive.com/graphics/wallpapers/42959-magic-water-wallpapers.html
http://www.batkhela.com/wallpapers/9071/forest-wallpapers.php?page=3&sort=3


thw way of the future isin us
regenerate
healing energy from God
shield.
clear water and food.

every 15 min.
slowley begin to bliewve
you cha n change reality.

aslow time.

no projectile weapons.
wiith thechonlogy better people hem slefvesl


virtual win junctions

clear the water with your mind before drinking it.
ffmpeg suse
light 15 minites
re our cells.

virtual sandbox for internet

what if world was not based on moeny interest?	

java
flash
pegasus
morhuhn
poker
pool
pinball.
raiden.

into program files?


hoto dvb
shutdonw add
todo multiply
sh 11sec

religion is impirtant its views not its name. kindness to ohters


ljudi mogu da prave izbor u zivotu. nazalost najcesce izaberu pogresan, zaslijpljeni novecem, pohlepom ili necim trecim.
if you could stop industry for 10 years, Earth would regain itself.

100 years ago Eart was in good condition. Now ...

10/100
youngpeople today have no place to go to "hang out". they can go to clubes filled with smoke and too loud music.



try to unlock single maps
forum gps srbija question.

PalmGB
PocketNES
pocketuae

taskbar

if you want to be good to kids, tell them the truth
life is awful big adventure
death is awful big adventure
if you cant be happy with me, then you should be happy with someone else.
 and we can go back be friends, and in good relations.


by giving you are getting
the sonner we realize what we do to other people we do to ourselves, the better.

pysid
blizzard

The Time Traveler's Wife (2009)

Operativni sistem: Windows CE 5.0
Ekran: TFT 4.3" (480 x 272 piksela), format 16:9
Procesor: Centrality Atlas III 372MHz
Memorija: 64MB ROM, 64MB RAM
Media Player, Photo & E-book viewer
SD memorijski slot, maksimalno proširenje do 2GB
Stereo audio izlaz
Baterija 1600 mAh



ddr-333 256m 

064 33 00 810 zoka

http://creators.xna.com/en-US/downloads
http://www.pyside.org/downloads/

vs 08 sp1
lazarus
xna
book print, python?




slashdot/like modded brainstorm. for kde

alexander the great book.
either rule or dont.
twitter
76 

freefps

you think love is supposed to last forever. and you get angry if it doesn't

I want to rip the weak part of me, and replace it with the solid.

The Prince, by Niccolo Machiavelli. ---see wikipedia, additional works.
Behind the Ballots, by James Farley.
Mein Kampf (unexpurgated), by Adolf Schicklgruber.
How to Make Friends and Influence People, by Dale Carnegie.

The other titles he wanted were not available in the bookstore; he went from there to the university library where he drew out Real Estate Broker's Manual, History of Musical Instruments and a quarto titled Evolution of Dress Styles. The latter was a handsome volume with beautiful colored plates and was classified as reference. He had to argue a little to get a twenty-four hour permission for it. He was fairly well-loaded down by then; he left the campus, went to a pawnshop and purchased two used, but sturdy, suitcases into one of which he packed the books. From there he went to the largest music store in the town and spent forty- five minutes in selecting and rejecting phonograph records, with emphasis on swing and torch-highly emotional stuff, all of it. He did not neglect classical and semi- classical, but he applied the same rule to those categories-a piece of music had to be sensuous and compelling, rather than cerebral. In consequence his collection included such strangely assorted items as the "Marseillaise," Ravel's "Bolero," four Cole Porters and "L'Après-midi d'un Faune."

womans mind is complicated
internet is not a site it is cloud we dont go to singleplace to find information we use google. in a way like using tags.tags based web site


tags based site.

tkinter

walk by and pick up ..thoughts like you  pick up music from earphones.
shadows of future movement.

do we ever choose what we become?

Stephen King - Different Seasons

http://www.awaretek.com/toolkits.html

"Ender’s Game"

massae of energy (painfull) spots
dirrect energy feeling. food is dissolved to? and then?


dvd43
Ripbot264

http://www.angelfire.com/nh/secret/30.html
http://www.angelfire.com/nh/secret/30HowToShop.htm


http://www.pcworld.com/article/169112/40_fantastic_timewasting_web_sites.html

http://funnytypos.com/

http://www.naturalmotion.com/


http://www.pcmag.com/
PC World
Maximum PC 
Smart Computing.


girls have a way making you beieve their way= the right way.

bible

Ask God to send you answer for how to levitate, or past life in dreams.
Grab the life ball the balls. Remove the things you do not like. Bring in the things you do like.

Knot of energy in body= illness? Like there is a knot in muscle that requires massage.
Knot in energy requires energy to start to flow in body. Massage for energy?

cvor energije-bolest. kao misica
we live in a time of agression and technology. and technology is used to further feeds us agression.

our future is not set in stone. it is not solid. it can be changed.it is like a smokes, waiting to see which
will solidify. that is why God cannot tell you the future with 100% accuracy. you can always change your mind
?
or smoke without clear form? :)

am I one of the awaker?

comm on astral plane with others also there.
we need a hero. jedies.
faders. to hide

make a list of settings available in xin xp.
make same settings as tile/sheet with properties. in linux.

write your ideas in notepad/book every day.

our reality is one based. each of us live our own reality. we interact with others who have their own realities?
jack one.

smile is the cure
rmdb-sheepdog

\girls like sselflesness
when we do things for others.

they have a way of making you think what they think is right.

plugins for settings for linux de.

Earth Days
The Invention of Lying
World’s Greatest Dad
Despicable Me
District 9
Planet 51


semsons.com

www.nbc.com/classic-tv/
www.nbc.com/Video/
www.nbc.com/summer-roundup/

amc, sublight


. Programming is basically daydreaming with rules

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/By_His_Bootstraps
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Minority_Report
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ontological_paradox
n Terry Pratchett's novel Pyramids

The Man Who Folded Himself
Barry Dainton's Time and Space

iphone speakers any

rpojectors
so when we read smarte books/movies we get smarter?
when we engage our brain in discussion/thinking about aspects of life

com for all football players + coach
we have been leeping. not using our body brain  and mind compleely. burst mode.
monitor device for monitoring our body functions constantly, and optional gps.



how to create 1st foundatiuon:
venus project?



energy clear roadsigns., like tv screen, only repel--> shield
I wish I am the man you think I can become
I wish i could be like you see me.

great expectations

desktop widget settings

collective prair 
how to improve life on the planet earth

necu.com
vnc text mode/ncurses/x11 on win

amc_full

Mother Daughter Exchange Club
MILF Madness
Teenage Hooker Confessions
Not So Innocent Teens
Babysitters DVD
19th Birthday
Wanna Fuck My Daughter Gotta Fuck Me First
My First Sex Teacher

sexyshare.net
cduniverse

reconstructor
super os

crown me aunty
unfaithful
sailor
blue
mommy

hegel kant nietszche plato

book
xcel with tags
dbase with tags?

pardus
every ruler should have someone to keep him humble.

dont be mean to other sex just because you can
people only realize the values of something when they lose it
resetke kapa

I'm not being paid enough to worry about job.


auto parna pegla

hard discussions
improve memory
jonathan strange

mars venus..
on relationships.

helmet with air holes

love does not necessarily last forever

reconstructor

nuns
beer 
crown me anty


We are all one - spread this video

no task unsolvable
dont worry. dont worry. dont be afraid.

self hypno-how to levitate

mm thing
sailor beer water impotent
RepRap. Teach em to do 3D modeling, back off and let em make their own toys. That's what I'm doing... my kid has already developed a bunch of toys and the circuit boards for our RepRap are in the mail.

As for teaching kids programming, I'd suggest starting with Scratch from MIT
http://openbookproject.net//thinkCSpy/


library xp

termination salvation
torry's telling

Ghosts of Girlfriends Past (2009)
Ne te retourne pas (2009)
Top Secret! (1984)

zemeckis movies
Used Cars (1980) 
I Wanna Hold Your Hand (1978)
A Field of Honor (1973)
Trespass (1992)


Possession (2002)
About Last Night... (1986



9.7.
http://www.kinkykira.com/movies.php
http://www.freeones.com/html/k_links/Kira_Kener/

http://www.mediawiki.org/
boobwikia

do not worry we ll again open that door of personal freedom/citizen soon. smirk.
it is jutst temporary.

what is bugging him so that he is like that. poor one.

indusutry <<<<<

hp 6
management 
rr movies
hangover

askmen.com

to watch: cheech

tell her you liked the evening.


quick fix. am heroes
feer not having enough - gread- 
licence for having kids

wise people should direct the people on earth. not the powerful/rich ones.
scales.
when they all start speaking the same language
like a puzzle peaces coming together.
divide a brain time between some problems.



no spasm. relax body and mind.
then you will remember.

create new neuron connection? remembemer/repeat.ing


C  ex plosion


we are all different
we all have diffferent powers
alphabeticall with dates
99

God is so powerful, so there are no coincedences.
this is exactly what you are supposed to be doing at this moment.
beware though, your actions have consequences.

changing love, like tuning to different radio frequencies.
when you get tired of one, you change frequency?

flac id tag?
relax prg?
books?
hent?
you are not alone. this has happend many time before with others.

spread your angel wings. you know you have them :)


Virgin Mary sightings.? a girl?

change has to come from the inside. otherwise it is like a klatno*

clear the water with your mind before you drink it. Imagine drinking from the crystal clear  spring in the forest.
i started doing this by instinct.

first time you act upon your instinct, and that is why you succeed. next time you 
try live up to the first try, you think you have to best it and that is why you fail.
dont try, just listen to you instinct. in fact, you will rather succeed by trying to fail :). 
no try to fail, that is fun :)

You and your love will reach same freq, there will be Synchronized Energy eXchange, you are on the same level as your girlfrined.
explosion will occur.

Stop trying so hard, then you will succed.

God always talks to us, but sometimes we do not listen.

If it is supposed to be with you it will be back, to you.


what do you want to do? do it NOW. Do not postpone it. Read that book NOW. Make that trip NOW
ask that girl out NOW.


as long as there is indsutry of this or that, chances of change are slim.

howt otsleap? 4hr
no meat no dig prb?


money is the wort way of displaying the value of something.

. Make a plan. Then proceed with it. No excuses, no buts.
plan
1/2 hour work

user defined
.flac
%A\%C\%N - %T

-T "artist=%a" -T "title=%t" -T "album=%g" -T "date=%y" -T "tracknumber=%n" -T "genre=%m" -8 %s
x delete wav
x check for external
x high qual


hanren vboudty\
what to do with the money?
give it to the needing

brain full capacity training
start a science /phil/ discussion

we ll have this device in every home, every room, i fromnt of every family. we ll tell people how to think, what to like, what not to like. we ll wage war through it. and the best part it is one  way communcation, limetd to one voice
future end try predict you future, your getting older, your mistakes, and try to avoid them
how to increase your brain use? how would ou do it with your body.
keep creating new neuron connections? keep thinking more and more. think, think,  think.
watch everything around you. analyze think, try to predict future. analyze past. live in the present.

lets call it brainwashin device!
 no lets call it television!

stop watching television.
if you plan your day to a bit overything, you ll get to do al ot of thing s in a day.
try to rpredict your day how will it go.


body has energy lines?
speed them up?=heal
sea?
earth ?
energy of the cosmos

you have to be 120%

post kde opinion.
kde - lite?
how to gnome.
with inquery, what the users think.
lxde



just tell them the fucking truth!

dont have to feel social, or economical pressure or political pressure.
do what you like. just be what you are. 
just remember if you hurt someone because you want to, you are hurting yourself.

3 laws flaw
Aristotle responding to the theory of Plato 

Kevin Mitnick's Book, The Art of Intrusion

The Big Easy (1987) 
Heart Condition (1990)

trine demo
www.amaderforum.com

connect more to the God
3 lavs of robots=bad end for the humans?
use 1.fussion and 2. heat
Earth can exist without humans. Humans cannot exist without Earth. 
How do you talk to the Corporations? With Public. What they are afraid most is, losing money.

predict the future. what will he or she do ,adn then you and then the other.

Rogue Warrior
turkey
if you could spend money where it would do most good where would it be? Somewhere to strike at the
cause, not just to heal the consequences.

“From those to whom much is given, much is expected.” 
bgates.

Should our best minds be dedicated to solving our biggest problems?
connect with others. strength is in numbers.
book and chapters.

that voice inside of you

kpax2- make the movie?
demo dick mtm?








God gives what we need, not what we want. and in such giving us what we want. :)
God has plans for all of us, except sometimes we do not like that plan.
adresses of all business

no fear of losing control
increase self-esteem
not perfectionist

I am capable of dealing with that.
change inner world, not nccsrly outside.


power plant using co2

xcopy k:\*.* q:\reorg\sx\ /e

2nd



concentrate on the nice things around you
feel the music
feel the beauty

I am here with you 
I am not running away
I am here to stay

relax.
let go of your doubts
of your worries
of your pain.
everything is going to be ok.
everything is going to be fine.
you know how to solve the problems, if there are any.





If girls are the smart ones, then the guys are the strong ones?

how tro guide  geek->cool // charm people?

write her a letter.
read her body language,
feom isnide


bog se brine za tebe
nasteluje sam sebe covjek vibracijom

how to please w
we create our own reality. as long as we believe it is real/exist it will be.


girls like to be selected.
go a little forward, then a little back.
read her body language.

she'll respond if she likes you.
she'll tell if she is interested.

girls expect guys to make a first step.
If you are to scared, complement her few times. she'll get it.
dont be pushy.
act aloof, intersted but not that much.

the spouse is free to leave the marriage if he or she does not
love the other party anymore, or has some other reason.
that would take of the pressure of marriage.

maybe one is more receptive of the ideas coming to the Earth.

if you dont want to, then don't do it.

solar energy through a lense.
dont take her for granted, seduce her over and over again. flirt . a lot.
dont take love for granted.
look her into eyes.

sex is not a moment, it is a process.


game of hunt, you give some, than retreat, then attack, then retreat.

fear is of the unknown.

plan your future
be a little bold/brave.
the story of the part/ and getting the phone.

when you have no fear of anything bad happening to, when you knwo soul is practically indestructible, you have no greed, you are not afraid of life and can experience it as what it is , cahnce to expirience life. up and downs, both alike.

filled with light
repair yourself

I look at all the lonely people.

kids and babies and animals give love asking for nothing in return.
thats way noone says no to them.

talk bout her jewelry. complement it.
to a place without fear.
it does not matter. all the things you worried about before, where are they now?
it does not matter.

--
go outside. even alone is better than at home.
go to places you haven;t been before.
chat with waiter if you want. they 've heard a lot of bullshit, they probably wont mind.
talk to someone. just talk. 
talk to girl. just talk.
talkto girl, complement her. ask her if she has a boyfrend. ask her to dance maybe.
lean close to her. talk to her. wisper something, anything. look her in the eyes. important!
be relaxed.
--

she says: why would they want to go out with me. I am just pretty.

everything happens for a reason. everythiong that happen had to happen NO.?

life is beautiful. in all its forms. laughter and cry. pain and pleasure. happyness and sadeness.



if I am not good to pppl he will leave me. D ?
there is no time/life is to short/ to be shy.
you ll always be sorry you haven't tried, never that you have tried.

God pitches you the ball, and you get to hit it. 
he will keep pitcing till you get it right.

God is mercifull, strict but righteous.
He is like a parent to a child.
He chooses not to be angry.

When you finish your task here you leave?

relations sometimes work, sometimes not.
dont feel bad about it.
its not like you're gonna get married, right? or... :)

just cause they are pretty, or rich, does not mean they are happy.

you do not have to succesfull to have self-esteam.
if you are succesful and women approach you.
if you know yours worth, you can still be you, without beiing famous.

people will love you for what you are.?

there is more than one level of acceptance.
you can be forced into something
you can be coerced into something. doesn't last long, usually there is a coming back to thte previous option.
you can like something
you can speak someone else into something.

boys have never been allowed to express their emotions through crying.
so they do it buy screaming , fighitng.

most girls are insecure about their looks.

every girl has a fantasy of strong man, who will sweep her of her feet.

so men need to be strong.
girls like someone to hold her, to  hug her, and tell her everything will be ok.

 go with your instincts. first though is the right one.

be all you can be.

feel the rhytm of life. 
dont let yourself we limited by anything


what is your wish?
repeat it every night before you go to sleep.
I want to .... now.

man are basically cowards. they are afraid to ask the girl out, afradi to dance, afraid to take responsibility

 go with your instincts. first though is the right one.
you know what you need to do. what is right.
it is never going to be easy. it might be a difficult choice. but you know what is right.

proof of time travel
how to send messages into past/future.

every day is a new battle. some you win some you lose.

ccrypt howto

its just a body she has given
some people feast on negative energy some on positive.
babies and animals love everyone unquestionable.
--

Imagine if all the car companies would merge into one, and work together to produce best possible, car.
The company not motivated by greed, with secured funds. That would produce safe, fast, reliable, long lasting cars.

Imageine if all the people worked together, the way ants work together. There would be no limits for the human
society. Any goal it would direct itself to would be achieved in shortest period of time.

Instead people are divided into nations, religions, rases, led into beliving they are different from each other.
They fight each other, kill each other, everyone having their own, often conflicting goals.

Who would benefit from people not being united?


They forget that we all have the same soul. We are all connected.



Imagine all the people...

--
sex & relationships are not the most important things in your life
you do not have to succeed always
life is about experiencing thing, not about always winning. you have to expirience loss sometimes, too.

live life to the fullest.
what would be your perfect life? if everything 
what are you wishes, things that you always think of doing, but never do them?
well do them, already? why aren't you? Afraid of loss? Loss doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter if you succeed or not. What is important is that you try.
Make your wishes come true. You are the only pearson who can do it, cause you are the only
one that knows them. That dreams them.

Dont be jealous of other. They tried and succeed. You can atleast try :) .
It is ok. Other people wont think of you less because you failed. They will be envy of you
tryuing at all. A lot of them don't have guts to try. But you can. Trust me, you can.
Just relax. It is not that important. Even if you fail.

you think all other people are perfect. They are just as scared and insecure as you are.
--
you think she is gorgeous. you are too scared to approach her.
you ask her out she says no.
you ask her again she says yes.
you gou out with her few times.
you kiss her. on the cheek
you kiss her on the lips on the next date.
you try to touch her breasts. you fail.
you try to touch her breasts again after few more dates. and dinner. and movie. you succeed.
you ask her to sleep with you. she says yes?
....
she wants to get married.
you say no.
you marry her.
1 little thing about her annoys you. than another. than another.
she starts to annoy you.
you wonder what ever attracted you to her.
her sweet anoying things become big stuff.
you leave the relationship.
you get divorced.
--



i still dream of playing AO. but there is no money in it. And I hate playing EU.
I have no friends?
people want what they dont have
cause she can still keep her soul.

how to build house made of clay
how to choose a corect place for a house

maybe "pitaj Boga"/God knows is not a rhetorical question.
chain 
w
h
ja

download panel -ff adon


girls need someone to contradict them, to oppose them, not someone who will agree with everything they ll say.
dont let them know everything about you.
it s beter to be .. elusive, difficult to catch

if she says no, ask her again. 

relaxator=positive freq emitter.
your mind works best when it s relaxed
opens s governement. open government
increase sinapse clicking
when personal - mistake
noone oexpects anything from you. so relax.
if all people would weite doen their ideas...
peace , love.
God is love. love is the answer.

he'd rather having us beoing nice ot eachother, than to have some flashu celebration on his birthday
girl like it when you asked them out. it means they are noticed by the boys.
there is more pleasure in giving than in taking.

the evil has besieged the hearts of men.
ruled by greed, they ...

what if we all raised our voices against evil. say trfficking, prostitution, drugs
what if women were physically stornger/dominant species?

when we workout we change reality.
find common enemy, to reunite

groups live in, not single/alone
running scrd movie
secretary

howto-musicbox
d&d cartoon

316-934 imsar staklar. branka per. 10a, zgrada fabrike.



knowing ts?



crown
mona
mona
try again

