use visualisation to heal wounds quickly.

have children growing up at the place/planet? with the higher energy.
=smarter, faster mature/grow up.


if one of the classmates fail we all fail.
if one of the humans fail, or is mistreated by  the system or by us, the people, we fail.
especially if it is the children.

girls know what is important in this life: love and emotions.

girls like selflesness.

you bring the best out of people.  your freq is high, so you rais their freq a little.
the more good people, the better.
surround yourself with positive people.

a likes attract.

***
material refreshing every 5 sec.
machinery too?

this world could/should be fun. dont forget it.

there is no universal good or bad. if you do not want something happened to you, then it is bad.
dont do to others something you do not want to happen to you.

dont allow yourself to be beaten/worn out by life.
see fields of gold(I only saw my father when he was much older...)

recharge with positive energy before negative event(s).

Good gives us talents needed for our mission/job.

God is love. God is light.

good governments build roads, and then the government change and the roads gets disbanned.
in 200 years, government changes. unless there is support from the others, from the outside.

Life, death of the body, it is all just a circle.
circle - like taking your clothes off.

depression - lowered frequency

7 ways to increase your frequency.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HBKk5A4zBeM

nature
smile
dance, /walk
music
friends/their love
animals
food> good food

joy

treat them as human being first, then as a women. they deserve respect, not just to be lusted upon.

This world is disjointed. Every man forhimself, instead of together, caring for each other. 
People need some tlc. some tenderness.
stealing from others is stealing from yourself.

woman see world totally different from men. like b&w image (sex), compared to color (tlc, love, empathy and sex.)


we shed our human skin /body at night, and our soul is free. of human bounds, to relax.

"let your soul guide you..."

dont teach them facts, teach them logic reasoning, and how to find facts?
there is no failure.
there should be no failure in learning system

a (woman's) body is a temple. respect it, atleast.
man are hunters. you cant expect them to give up on their nature, and to stop hunting.
the harder you try, the more you seem to lose.
