born of light.

inner beauty shows on the outside.

that's like saying my car is better, it's got huge headlights :)
or its got beautiful line. nevermind the enginge. :)

MOVED by music.

christmass should be every year. be nice to others.

learn from your negative experiences, that's why they are there.
that is their value.

to clean the earth: everybody should clean after themselves. if they have to pay more to use
dirty energy they ll transfer to clean. use bio degradable materials or easy degradable
like paper, cardboard. Not nylon or plastic (bags).
Especially something else for long time storing items? Not plastic, or nylon.

stable api for developing games and apps on ubuntu. (opengl + dxaudio, input. sdl?)
stable inferface to kernel, for drivers.

if you want to defeat them, you can not be just as good, you have to be better.
If they give 100% you have to give 120%

what is life if not a game.

to cure an ilness you would have to know what an ilness is. It is state of mind, or body? Or both?

you wanna see the founain of youth? go to any college. you'll se a fountain of youth
that is renewed every year :). Beautifull and smart young girls.

standard for tagging files?

now workout, no electricity for tv.

there is so much beauty in this world, that we don't see cause we worry about stupid things.
Because of our worries. We sometimes worry things we cannot change. We should not.

echo of the past persons. suddenly knows how to write in English.

open source recipes for medicine drugs. (things prescribed. not as in lsd.)

men are afraid to make some bold move. with woman. sweep them of their feet. move them and kiss them.
girls like electiricity. they like power. (but without forcing someone to something they do not want.
 that is just wrong)

all the empty hpousees and all the people wothout place to live

one dollar from everyone to buy something.

when two sides are tight, the rope will break. when one side loosens, the other will too.

there is not enough love in the world. /when you feel sad.
lead by example, (not by force). show them by example.

there is no need for that.
(no need to argue)

you don't have to (do something greedy, or act out of fear). you just think you do.
you don't have to do anything.

there will be peace when people stop wanting to be the rulers.
fear begoths greed begoths desire to rule.
when people do not want to rule, the righteous ones will rule, justly and righteus,
without hidden motives agendas and desire to increase their own (richness and power)
they will be rulers because the are the most competent and able rulers, and just.
not because the are the most greedy ones.

until then. there will be blood and greed and no hope & happyness.

remagnetize the body = ok ?

How Your Mind Can Heal Your Body: Amazon.co.uk: David R. Hamilton ...
http://www.blinkx.com/watch-video/david-r-hamilton-how-the-mind-can-heal-the-body/i4P63vlLo-lL0GONDlBYIA
http://www.blinkx.com/watch-video/dr-david-hamilton-quantum-healing-the-placebo-effect-part-5/3uiz4xA8GePCmTKmFF4log

repair body. every 5 sec. ********

everyone can heal themselves
everyone has the ability, power, to  heal themselves
positive energy(/matter/light) through you blood.

think about the person you like, a place you feel safe at.
positive emotions. relax, smile.
gratitude, for the things you have, not the envy, or anger, for the things you dont have.
gratitude, apreciation, compasion.

look in the mirror when you feel bad. you'll feel better.

imagine your wounds healing.

relaxation response
http://www.relaxationresponse.org/steps/



also, pig's fat, used for healing wounds.

store ideas in place instead of knowledge?
so you dont have to look it up every time you are born again.

God KNOWS why.
(So, no worries :)
Only God KNOWS.
ASK God.
It's the accent. :)


transurfing

bow it to your will.
walk proud like a king.

the only way for sons of king to keep their kingdom is to start from the beginning and fight their
way to the top. As unknown persons.If they start at the top, they will learn nothing,
have no expirience in the real world, dont know men or their natures.

also if their kingdom is given to them for free, without them having to earn
it they will fight to keep it or remember the hard fight others have to keep it?

game using osm.

screensaver - friends facebook, with updates with new photos

open the gate let the informations in. they are all around you. get into their frequency.
or they come from God?

the practical explanation of seeing through time.
everything we do leaves a ghost, an electric shadow , mist, a trace. Especially emotinal things. Love, hate...
since there is no time, those mists exist allways but in separate range? not always the same strength.
some people can see, feel these images, impresssions, pieces of events.
sometimes they are imprinted in objects, like pieces of clothing.

girls, only prey that wants to be caught.

girls want to love and to be loved. to give themselves to someone completely.

dentist, doctor  = like seing a mechanic for the car.

I gave you everything I had, and you said: you should try harder.

you have to go at 8 pm? fine then you can enjoy till 8pm, and not think about it till 8pm.

if you never got old you would never know what is it like (not) to be young.
when you are young, you think you'll never become old.

if you never die, you'll never be reborn...

airwash

meta language, -> c++, or vb, or ...

like remagnetizing body. - energy lines
how do you magnetize and item/iron?..


tell your body it is not under shock, there is no need to produce extra glucose

to that place where there is no sadness, everyone is happy. smiles abound.

buy out and opensource all the important technologies.

 d474 (695126):
"Another inevitable function of this contact lens is recording video. Everything you see
passes through this lens, so you will be able to record everything you see (except, of
course, for dreams and hallucinations).

It would be like Tivo for your life."

predict future.
you are taking it too seriously

bloodcleaner nanoparticles.
artifical blood.

http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2009/08/090810174226.htm
ScienceDaily is reporting that Washington University School of Medicine researchers
have found a way to deliver bee toxin to tumors using nano-spheres they call "nanobees."
The results in mice showed a cessation of growth or even shrinkage of tumors while
the surrounding tissue was protected from the toxin.
"The core of the nanobees is composed of perfluorocarbon, an inert compound used
in artificial blood.

box pc - all in one chip. like power socket. already exits. freescale.

"ON THE ONe side you have demands, on the other you have un/possibillity to fulfill them.
then there is consience burn for un/intentional mistakes and overlooks."

it is all just an illusion, this life. so why worry? You cant die anyway.
Your soul that is. And the body is just a vessel. Anyway pay attention.

we need something to help us focus. bowl with dark water? crystals, ring, gems?

what would you do if there was no one around?

dynamical video change? game?

Be comfortable on it, and you'll exude confidence, which is the most
powerful attractant there is.

look how far we come baby.

go outside, smell the air.

multplicty. create copies of you. astral projections-like. see watchmen.

job we cant take we want because of a fear


our body, it's just the clothes we wear for a while.

our body is a large part water. dont let it get stale. move a lot. every now and then
pray. see how what pray can change water (water crystals). imagine how it can change our body.
that doesn't mean you shouldn't take good care of it.
what is important is what is underneath it, inside.

from small pieces a whole is created.
from many small lights a big light is created
from words sentences, pages then book is created.
from puzzle parts a (big) picture is created.

everything in moderation. no extremes.






we dont own this planet any more than ants own their anthill

men DON'T want to talk about their feelings.

use your free time at work to think. let your minds wander over ideas.

work is just time spend. you spend time. If you can make yourself do that.
(unless it is heavy-duty work)


children test the boundaries.

schools should be turned to military school with more discipline than now.
teachers have no way? to keep discipline in class
in athe army:
give me 20 pushups.

another solution:
bound by agreement to keep order. in every class.

vote on what to do.
create rulebook before the scholl year begins. with classroom, and agree on the measures if the rules are
disobeyed.

safe environment for kids


stress simulator. learn how to handle stress. a video game.

political parties should donate threir money for ads to charity.

men are hunters, when there is no excitement, no hunting, they get bored.
solution : create excitement. 
take your wife to a date. do something unexpected. buy her a flowers, for no reason.


It is in a marriage  important to have one day in a week, for  oneself, and one for you and your partner.
take kids to your parents, or call babysitter.


'It is made of magic. Raw magic. Solidified. Curdled. Renewed from second to second.'
from tp sorcery. imagine creating that material for buildings or cars.
or find a way to renew human body from sec to sec.

converter cosmic energy (photons?) -> electrical energy. see Nikola Tesla , electric car
(electromagnetic radiation?,  electromagnetic force?)

mood setter. like ipod. only freq, not necessarily music. or maybe yes.

God always gives us signs, sometimes even before we ask :)

You know when you think of some song and then you turn on the radio and it is on. 
Only like on bigger scale in life. Events, future. Destiny. Who says you cannot create your life. 
 
Is this reality created by us? directed?? by us?

how to increase frequency. (you tube. 7 ways..)

how to send telephatic messagemessage


time is an ilussion. everything is happening at once.
that is why it is so hard to predict the future.
like radio stations broadcast. Which one will you stumble upon. Which program will you end up listening to.

ask and you shall be given. ask the God. the question, or what you want. 

why does bigger watch subdue smaller? stronger frequency? or just stronger?

frequency oscillating faster = energy, slower=matter

love= top, highest
fear=lowest, slowest

so if you put high freq stuf in your room, water, plants, nature,
crystals? do they increase your freq?

why do you sing under shower? or when you see someone, or think about someone?
or when you walk down the street, thinking about someone? cause your happy. (high freq?)
water cleans.

dance. freq out.

dont think about change, just do it. if you think about it, you won't do it.

you cant take it with you, anyway. (money, material things.)

smiling pics on tv.

no need for greed, fear

people have to change. to start caring more for someone else than for themselves. Any one man cannot doit
himself/herself.

system of circling of the fresh air in the room. like you are outside, but not being cold.


life advices:
put some money on the side, of the whole amount you earn. At least 30%. 
You ain't gonna be young for ever.


pomodore technique of learning

students voting on grades.

organisation to fight mobbing in scholl. someone kids can complain to. And to inform kids of this.

choose your own adventure - You are boss in small office.

improve antenna for receiving energy from Universe, from God. If human is an atenae...

1 click install linux mint. or tabbed one page.

game dev: kodu.

seeing it all before it happens, and reacting accordingly.
as if surfing the time, and reacting at the same time it happends.

all the money used for single purpose, for people of the earth.
no country, nations, sides... just one people. in league with planet earth.

grapphite printer, using pen.

smile a lot. it's healthy. might heal you.
show comedies (movies/shows) to kids in hospital

phasing - from particle to wave

resonate with the backround/surroundings

remote viewing. space, then time too

"fly anywhere in the world without leaving his room"

in contracts, hope for the best, prepare for the worst.

he got rid of all of his dependencies. last one was life.

feel the freedom. what do you want to do? where do YOU want to go?
If you have basic life necessities, it is easier :) .
place to sleep, food, clothes. add job to it if you want something more.

Small chinese/ jap built houses./apartments

http://www.homestar.org/bryannan/tannen.html
women and men use communcatin differently.

japanese capsule hotels
